Sovereign wealth builder, Simon Dixon here, and welcome to another episode of Simon Dixon Hard Talk Live. Another week has passed, and I'm still trying to wrap my head around how fast time is moving. Is it just me, or is time accelerating at an incredible pace? Today, we're going to discuss everything you need to know about gold breaking the dollar. We're no longer in theory territory; the new world order has officially arrived, and gold is the asset that has marked this change. So, let's dive into the different areas and explore how it impacts various things.

In part one, we'll be discussing this week in Bitcoin and tech, covering gold stable coins, the impact on Bitcoin, and what life after the dollar looks like in this multipolar world now that gold has officially hit a massive milestone in terms of breaking the dollar as the world reserve asset. In part two, we'll be discussing the market impact of gold ending dollar dominance and what we saw this week in macroeconomics that makes us know and understand what's coming next. And in part three, we'll be discussing the geopolitical fallout of gold ending the dollar hegemony and some of the wars and what to expect next as a result of that, particularly with the ongoing situation in Iran with two warships being sent there and what we expect next.

So, without further ado, let's jump straight into part one this week in Bitcoin and tech. We'll be covering gold, stable coins, Bitcoin, and the aftereffect of the dollar. We'll also be discussing some of the follow-the-money types of things we need to be aware of in the tax changes that are happening right now, so you can be prepared for what comes next.

Let's talk about Tether. The reason we're discussing Tether is because stablecoins, which have been backed by US treasuries, have a massive impact on all of those dollarized global businesses, as well as people who have to adjust to this new reality that the dollar is being strategically weakened. So, let's go through a few parts. The Tether conversation has broken into three, and I'll explain what I mean.

Tether announced the launch of USAT, a new US-compliant Genius Act-compliant stablecoin. This is basically a new stablecoin designated specifically to trade within US regulatory frameworks, which anyone outside the US wants to get away from. It's going to be interesting to see how these markets of interoperability between USDT, which is Tether, and USAT work. USAT will need to comply with the travel rule, which is something in the Bank Secrecy Act. This means that within America, anytime someone sends Tether, the details of the recipient and the sender are embedded within the transaction.

This is essentially a surveillance state that we've all been preparing for. However, if you're using programmable money that exists outside the banking system and you're staying within a centralized issuer, unlike Bitcoin, which is decentralized, then you have to have compliance with the travel rule eventually embedded within the smart contract. This means the recipient and the sender's details need to be in the transaction somehow.

Initially, it will just be exchanges saying, "Are you sending it to a custodian or self-custody?" But you can expect that to ramp up because this is the first iteration of Genius Act. And that puts it in compliance with the Bank Secrecy Act. This is how we get to this programmable social credit score, Orwellian nightmare that America is saying they're going to become crypto capital of the world is looking to penetrate for the technical industrial complex and the proof of weapons network, all in the guise of technological innovation and trying to deliver more freedom.

So, we're going to have this new stablecoin called USAT, which is going to be marketed to US investors with additional surveillance and compliance compared to USDT. And that's going to be aimed at basically getting reigniting these US-regulated markets. But as with all US policy, we know that there is a covert operation in order to strategically weaken the dollar. So, if you have an Orwellian nightmare version of a stablecoin within America and a different version of a stablecoin, this is part of the de-dollarization mission dressed up as dollarization.

Within the American version, it's all going to have to be backed by US treasuries only. But the one outside has excess reserves and is also backed by Bitcoin. Bitcoin is not backed, but the excess reserves invest in Bitcoin, and Bitcoin mining is able to hedge exposure. And so, essentially, the non-US version is going to be a superior product, providing you can rely on some of that, then disclosures and auditability and all those things.

Now, because this is not Bitcoin, there is trust involved, which is why stablecoins do not compete with Bitcoin, because Bitcoin is a construct of self-custody in a trustless environment with no centralized party unless you decide to voluntarily give your Bitcoin to an exchange or a custodian.

So, what are the characteristics of USAT? Firstly, it's dollar-pegged as usual. So, for every Tether that exists, it's going to be backed by one dollar that's lent to the US government. This is essentially short-term interest-bearing bills. You can't put the dollars in a bank because after $250,000 or in some cases $500,000, there's no insurance. And so, with a bank, because it's fractional reserve, plus FDIC insurance only covers 1% of total deposits in the banking system. It's not designed for systemic risk. So, instead, you have to buy a security.

What is the security that is the closest to the dollar? Well, it is lending that dollar to the US government, which is a bond. Imagine lots of people want to redeem their Tether for dollars; then what happens is it needs to be short-term bonds rather than long-dated bonds. You can't have a 10, 20, 30-year bond because in that time, someone might want to withdraw their Tether. So, you have to sell the security, and when you sell the security or sell the loan, you can then convert it to dollars and redeem it for those that want to actually redeem the Tether.

And so, it will, by definition, always be short-term treasuries. Now, the macro policy is to get short-term treasuries down. And so, these will be paying lower and lower yields in an environment where we're moving towards zero interest rates on the short-term side. So, the non-US one will be able to get superior yields by being able to do a little bit of the longer-term duration. But remember, that's what broke Silicon Valley Bank in the first place. It was people demanding low-yield treasuries. That meant that they had to sell all those treasuries in order to meet demands. And that meant that the price was crashing while the longer-term interest rates were going up.

So, everyone was buying the new bonds but didn't want to buy the old bonds because they had a lower and lower rate. So, the way that it works is the yield on a bond goes up as the price of the bond goes down. And if you hold it all the way through, it's fine because the government rolls over the debt and repays you. But in the case of shorter-term duration, if you need to sell in a rush to meet withdrawals, then you end up selling at a discount as these yields go up.

Anyway, it's backed by essentially cash and short-term US treasuries only, so that's the new requirement of Genius Act-compliant stablecoins. It can only be US treasuries, which is a mechanism for rolling over the debt short-term in these distressed environments.

But they have to also hold it with a US-regulated bank in the case of cash, and a US-regulated custodian in the case of securities. And of course, who does Tether use? They use Cantor Fitzgerald. And Cantor Fitzgerald is essentially the deep-state actor that is managing all of these investment banking services in transitioning over to this Orwellian state. They're a discount broker, so they're able to participate in auctions for bonds. And they're like one of the lenders of last resort in the system, other than the central bank. By that mechanism, they want to create lots of project products for you to hold your bitcoin with them or their partner companies, then borrow against it so that they can issue dollars. They can engage in all sorts of financial-industrial-complex operations to margin-call you and get your bitcoin instead of you. They print the money, but they want your Bitcoin. This is old-school mercantilism. You use fiat currency to fund wars, invade countries because you get the gold, you keep the hard money, and burden the people with the debt in the fiat currency. And so this is a mechanism, collateralized lending, for getting your real asset that they want while you end up with the dollar shit coin that they can print and get inflated away.

Okay. Well, but anyway, what this does is it strategically positions USAT against competitors, USDC, and other US stablecoin entities. The Trump administration, through World Liberty Financial, is also launching their own stablecoin. But anyway, we know that Tether outside the US has also announced that they're aggressively accumulating with their excess reserves. So what happens? You want a digital dollar. They get to keep the security, the loan to the government. They receive yield. They take the yield that the government is paying in rolling over their debt. And then they buy Bitcoin and they buy gold and they invest in Bitcoin mining operations. So they get the hard asset by issuing the soft assets because they're able to invest any of the excess reserves and they receive the interest.

Now, of course, in the Genius Act, the bank made it where the stablecoin issuer can't pass on the yield unless they're a bank and they have reserves at the Federal Reserve. And so this was the whole battle between making sure that stablecoins aren't a risk to non-fractional reserve banking. Now, they reported basically in this environment where gold is strengthening – it's been on a massive bull market. It went to a peak of over $5,500, and it's now corrected back down, but we're between the $5,000 and $5,500 dollar mark. In an environment where the dollar is weakening relative to other currencies, relative to gold, relative to silver, relative to the stock market, relative to all commodities, the underperformer in this environment is the financial-industrial-complex, which wanted to accumulate as much Bitcoin as possible. So they're using the same things that they did with gold, which is creating paper transactions to manipulate the short-term price. But eventually, you get the longer-term breakout, which is what we've been seeing right now.

That's why they created strategies, all of these companies, all of these Bitcoin treasury companies, all of these Bitcoin-backed loans, all of these derivatives, and all of the operation choke point 2.0, which we've covered many, many times. But Tether is basically now announcing that it's purchasing up to a billion dollars of gold per month based upon the yield that the government is paying. So while the debt is being burdened onto the American people, Tether is using its yield and interest, which is now over a trillion dollars a year, to purchase approximately a billion dollars of gold per month in their excess reserves.

So you have USAT now, the Surveillance State US stablecoin. Then you have the global one with a freeze function, but based out of the British Virgin Islands and El Salvador. But also, they have a gold-backed stablecoin as well. And so we'll look into that a little bit deeper. But think about the impact here. You're holding treasuries as an international investor or somebody that needs to meet their short-term cash flow needs as a business. And you've got your dollar stablecoin that's going down in value. And you could hold a gold stablecoin instead. And so now you've essentially made it where those that are holding the gold stablecoin in an environment of strengthening gold, weakening dollar, that is going to create more and more adoption for the gold-backed stablecoin.

Now, remember, a gold-backed stablecoin is just simply a cryptocurrency, a token that is meant to be redeemable for gold, but it is redeemable into a gold IOU where Tether holds the gold in their vaults in Switzerland. And so actually taking delivery of that gold is virtually impossible unless you're doing it at a very, very high level at scale. And it's going to take time because that's the problem. Gold delivery is very hard, and gold storage is a very hard problem to solve. And because most people can't do that, they end up using a custodian so they end up with a gold IOU, which has counterparty risk. Then they're tokenizing that, so now they have this – it's the world economic forum's "you will own nothing and be happy." The custodian has the assets, you have the IOU, and then a token on top is all you get, which is meant to peg its value, but if you try and redeem it, it's virtually impossible.

I'm not saying this is a bad thing, but it's just not the same as a bear asset like Bitcoin, where the value and the custody is built into the actual asset because it's digital and it doesn't have these limitations of the physical world. Obviously, physical assets have their advantages as well, but different use cases for different problems. But anyway, the gold is stored at a high-security private vault in Switzerland, which is also where they've built out massive data centers as well. And Tether is basically now one of the largest private holders of physical gold in the world. So this parallel system is now competing with the central banking system. But obviously, they want to, through these regulations, keep it within the financial-industrial-complex and have these freeze functions, which is exactly what happened in Venezuela. All the Tether that the Venezuelan government had was frozen because it is a centralized company. So now you don't need to go to a bank, get a court order; they were able to just freeze it like that.

So basically, this gold appreciation has added billions and billions of dollars to Tether's balance sheet. And per employee, they've become one of the most profitable companies in the world, proving all along, which he covered many years ago in Bank to the Future, Protect Your Future Before Governments Go Bust, that you can have a profitable business model of full-reserve banking. And that's what Tether and Stablecoins have effectively proven. So through this model, this isn't just the gold-backed stablecoin. This is through the excess reserves buying gold. They now have an estimated current total of 143 tons of physical gold in a vault in Switzerland. That's approximately $26 billion, depending on the price. It is very, very volatile right now. So assuming 143 tons, and this is based upon last week's data, so who knows what's happening at the moment, but based upon 143 tons, that would make Tether the number 29 gold holder globally, probably the largest private gold holder outside central banks and outside some of the private banks and various other accumulations that have happened.

But if you look at that in comparison to central banks, Tether is now on par with Libya and the Philippines. So the Filipino central bank and the Libyan central bank, which a bunch of militias are fighting over right now, those central banks, you know, that's where Tether is. It sits between the Libyan central bank and the Filipino central bank. So this is having serious, serious impact now. This isn't any side fringe game. This is the fabric of the financial system restructuring around these trends. Now, if America is a global hegemon and we're on this dollar standard where the price of the dollar is always going up, then all of this is kind of irrelevant.

But where it becomes very relevant is when the price of the dollar is going down. I'm not talking about internal purchasing power; I'm talking about the price in foreign currencies and fixed assets like gold, Bitcoin, silver, other commodities, and various other things. Essentially, Tether is now ahead of many G20 and OECD countries and central banks. For context, the United States hasn't had an audit, and I know it sits on both the Fed's balance sheet and the Treasury's balance sheet, probably wrapped around all sorts of paper contracts, but publicly disclosed with no audit for an awful long time. The US has 8,133 tons of gold, which belongs to the American people via the Treasury. However, it also sits on the Fed's balance sheet, which is a private company owned by private banks. I'm almost 100 percent certain that China has way more than that, but China only discloses a small amount of its gold. The rest is in state-owned private companies and banks and various other structured funds. China tends to keep things private rather than doing the whole PR game, which is kind of the American side's PR strength, "fake it till you make it" type of thing.

Now, Germany has 3,350 tons, Italy and France combined have 2,450 tons each, and both Russia and China allegedly publicly reported 2,300 tons. Tether Gold, the gold-backed stable coin with the ticker symbol XAUT, represents one troy ounce of physical gold and is meant to be redeemable. However, you'd have to redeem it when you realize the difference with Bitcoin, and that's kind of where we are right now. We'll cover more about that in the macro side, which is causing the short squeeze in silver and the structural deficit that's pumping the prices so high right now.

The difference XAUT makes in terms of the entire market is still a fairly small market. Tether is about $185 billion, which is relatively small compared to the dollar market, which is a $21 trillion market. You've also got other forms of dollars, like dollars held at the Federal Reserve, which is about $3 trillion, and USDT, which is about $183 billion. XAUT accounts for about 60% of all the global tokenized gold market. We know what BlackRock's goal is: they want to tokenize everything. They want to do effectively a Tether as well. The current market capitalization of Tether Gold is only about $2.2 billion, making it a very inefficient, not quite liquid market yet. However, liquidity has had a massive boost as a result, and the market is getting more and more efficient.

As it gets more and more efficient, you're effectively looking at your Tether account, which is bleeding value, and you're not receiving yield on it. Then, you're looking at the ability to convert that into Tether Gold. By having Tether USDT and the Surveillance Day US version and the gold version, you create this market of doing a very quick turnaround between tokenized gold and these Tethers. This really is part of the de-dollarization operation. Again, nothing is as it seems. You think it's getting dollar penetration, but if the dollar's being weakened, you're going to be comparing it to your gold stable coin. You're effectively driving the world into this separation, this multipolar world, this regional dollar world, and the rest are going to be looking at these different types of gold assets as well, because that's what the central banks are doing.

The central banks are all looking at their treasuries right now, and they're all piling into gold. The data reflects that. We'll cover more about that in the macro section. The total tokenized gold is currently about $4 billion, and they've also got Paxos gold and various other gold. What is this driven by? It's basically driven by the rise in prices. Gold, the dollar always held its value because the price of the dollar was always strengthening. When you reverse dollar strengthening, you break the dollar as the world reserve currency. We'll cover more of that in part two in the macro section, Triffin's dilemma.

The demand for non-fiat collateral right now, because people are trying to get gold, they can't get gold. There's a structural deficit in silver. And so they're buying gold ETFs, making BlackRock and the ETFs more powerful, draining some of those bank reserves. At the same time, the stable coins are kind of a crypto-native version of that. Again, it's not a bearer asset; it's not physical delivery; it's not self-custody; it's counterparty risk; it's problematic. It is a derivative, as you were. But it's all people can get exposure to because storing gold is too hard, too clunky.

If you see the demand for gold right now and all these different crazy markets, it shows you exactly why Bitcoin is so easy in terms of its longer-term utility, because it's really difficult taking these physical assets when everyone's creating paper from it. And, you know, all of this geopolitical that we'll be covering in part three and monetary instability is causing all of this demand as well.

The end result is that historically, you've looked at assets that have performed the role and function of store of value, which means that you can hold value, it increases your wealth as you hold those assets, but they come with risk. The dollar has performed as a unit of account, which means you psychologically think of the price of milk in terms of dollars, pounds, euros, yuan, or whatever it is in your mind. But the global unit of account has been dollars in an environment where currencies are suffering currency wars as a result of the dollar, and so everyone has ended up lending back their dollars to the US government. That has created all of this innovation and investment, and that's what built the proof of weapons network, the military industrial complex, the technical industrial complex, and the financial industrial complex. And so all of this has been built upon that strengthening dollar.

Now the game has changed. What are you going to start using as your medium of exchange? Well, I'll give you a little bit of an example. We use Bitcoin as a store of value. Gold is too tricky in terms of one that you can switch to liquidity very easily without counterparty risk. So you have some exposure to that. But as a unit of account, we've always used dollars because dollars have historically been strengthening because of its world reserve currency status and backed by the proof of weapons network. But now we can take some of our reserves and use Tether because we don't want to deal with banks. In our company, we start thinking about using Tether Gold. We're not holding our reserves in there because of all the risk associated with it, but you need to meet your short-term cash flow, pay your staff, pay your rent, pay all these different types of things.

And so at the business level, you start thinking about that. Now you want to convert your Tether, particularly as a foreign global business, and more and more businesses are global in this environment, you want to use a gold-backed Tether instead. And so now you start going out to your staff and you'll start saying, well, we've got gold-backed Tether. Would you like dollar-backed Tether? Or would you like gold-backed Tether? And of course, if they're smart, they'll say gold-backed Tether. We don't want dollar-backed Tether; that's being strategically weakened. We don't receive any yield on it. Not only that, but I also have all the foreign currency risk and everything else associated in the current environment.

And so they then start accepting their wages in gold-backed currency and medium of exchange. And psychologically, you start preparing for what is the cost of my rent in gold. And so when you start measuring the value of your rent in gold, and the dollar is getting weaker, and your rent is priced in dollars, let's say, then you need less and less gold over time to pay your rent. And I'm not talking about the volatility in between. And then you start to realize just as everyone with Bitcoin did, okay, my house used to cost 1,000 Bitcoin, now it only costs 100 Bitcoin or whatever it may be.

And so once you start psychologically shifting people to pricing things in a fixed hard asset, everything changes. Because then you start pricing your real estate and your stocks and your Bitcoin in gold. And once you're pricing Bitcoin and gold, you realize that gold has been outperforming in the short term. But over the long term, Bitcoin significantly outperformed it. And you'd expect rotation based upon the supply, what is the use case of Bitcoin? Self-custody. So when you need delivery, you realize the need for Bitcoin, but you start pricing it in gold. And we remove the optical illusion that gave the power to the dollar in the first place. And of course, the financial industrial complex knows this because they're doing an operation that's weakening the dollar as we've always been covering all along. And so this is mental, psychological dollar decolonization globally. And everyone, more and more people will start thinking, what is the price of stuff in terms of gold? And once you can think about that, you then enter into this multipolar world where everyone's using their local currencies. The world reserve currency becomes some kind of gold derivative. And those that need freedom and sovereignty, they take delivery of their gold, or they can do it with a digital global bearer asset called Bitcoin. And this is the transition that we're going through as we transition to these surveillance state stable coins, central bank digital currencies, and programmable money through artificial intelligence and social credit scores. This is what you've got to get ahead of yourself. This is what I've been trying to get people to understand.

So this basically pushes gold demand over treasury demand, which means that less and less are willing to lend to the US government other than those that are in a dollarized economy. And who is that? Well, those are the ones that were colonized by the dollar, Latin America. And so if Latin America is having their currency destroyed by the proof of weapons network covert operations, like we saw in Venezuela, then you can use this to dollarize, price things in their economy in dollars, the most important thing is what do you price it? Other countries will price their goods in their local currencies. And then you'll have this dollar derivative becoming the global world reserve currency. Now, the limitations of the world reserve currency will become apparent when you need to self-custody and take delivery, which is when Bitcoin comes in. And so we're going to be going through this type of cycle.

So although Bitcoin has been one of the lowest performing in the current dollar weakening environment, you've got to think about the longer term story there. So you've got your gold exposure. You're adding to your Bitcoin position as it gets weaker in the current environment because they're doing their operation to try and get as much Bitcoin as they can and scam you, as I've always been warning, into owning a Bitcoin derivative rather than Bitcoin itself. Because the elites, they still want Bitcoin in self-custody because I've always said, just like they allow the tax haven offshore structures to exist because elites want to use them, elites will still want to use Bitcoin in self-custody. And that kind of forms into Clarity Act and what's being debated at the moment. But more and more people are going to be pricing things in gold if this trend continues. And so all the financial industrial complex needs to do to transition to this multipolar world is do what they're currently doing, slowly weaken the dollar while they manage their capital outflows. And gold becomes basically not the world reserve currency because of a gold standard, but the world reserve median of exchange and without needing a gold standard. And this lines up perfectly with the natural organic understanding of Bitcoin.

Now, few will understand this. And so this is really the most important part when we make this transition to a world of AI, Bitcoin, CBDC, stable coins, and all the technology that we're going through because Bitcoin, as I said, solves the custody and auditability problem and it is about sovereignty rather than dependency. And as I said, if you can get gold and you can become sovereign, but then try to escape and leave a government with massive amounts of gold that you've built with your lifetime savings. And it's harder to store at scale. So this is the historical problem. We are witnessing in real time over the next decade, everything that has this fiat currency, by changing, this is a radical, radical change that we're seeing right now. And so we're seeing this mad rush to gold in order to preserve value because the dollar's being weakened. And no one is able to take physical delivery. And with just experiencing the clunkiness of that.

That's what I wanted to cover on the tether side and helping you understand exactly what's going to be happening right now. At some point, there will be those that are building their self-custody, and at some point, there will be a rush to self-custody. Now, we still don't know what's going to happen because we don't know in the banking system what happened with all these paper silver contracts. Somebody got wrecked. You know, the price went up at such a fast rate. We noticed that the Federal Reserve was printing, you know, move from QT to QE. And there was some bank action happening in the background. But did that correct someone's silver short position? We still don't know. Somebody's on the wrong side of that trade. Somebody got bailed out. And of course, they'll socialize the losses and privatize the gains. That's the way that the regulatory capture happens. But we're going to find out, you know, that's still going to be, we still got to figure out, we haven't seen yet who's on the wrong side of that trade. And so, you know, this is what we're actually seeing right now.

Okay, so in the case of the US side, the US stablecoin, you can't use gold as a reserve asset. It has to use treasury as a reserve asset. And so that becomes part of that dollar weakening whole thing. And the custodian, you can't do that globally as well. So anyway, the end result is everybody needs to limit their exposure to the dollar. And that's what everyone is figuring out this game right now. And so they're holding their spending money in their local currency, which is strengthening relative to the dollar, depending on where you are in the world. The physical gold and silver is being used for people that want to have, you know, they're able to, it doesn't scale, but they're able to hold their savings depending on your wealth. And then Bitcoin in self-custody for savings and wealth and sovereign freedom as well. And that I think is what everybody needs to get their head around and they need to start preparing for.

Right, before I go through the impact on the macro side and then the geopolitical side, I wanted to cover another couple of topics in the whole surveillance day and where we're headed and understanding some of the psyops as well in the technical side, because this is really ramping up right now. I wanted to look at the whole Elon complex. And I also wanted to look at the case study of what's happened in the Netherlands. Now, some people will be like, why does it matter what happened in the Netherlands? Because what happens in Europe is the beta test for what they want to do in other places. You know, this financial industrial complex, technical industrial complex, and military industrial complex, and the general proof of weapons network is rolling out beta tests to see what they can do in other jurisdictions.

So first thing, you would have noticed that there is a big push from Elon to push for voter ID. Now, everyone would say, of course, I want voter ID. But you know that's a sign-off in order to get to the next phase of digital ID as well, because what do they do? They weaponize any narrative around voting fraud when it's really the Proof of Weapons Network and the lobby that determine the outcome, because they get to allocate and select all the politicians. But you get always the narrative of believing, ah, it's the voter fraud. And that voter fraud can be used by the technical industrial complex TIC in order to push in the voter ID and iterate up to this technical nightmare that we're moving towards right now.

You'll also notice, I just like to follow a few of these things. I just dig a bit deeper on the Elon complex side. But you'll notice that there was an announcement that Tesla, which is a car surveillance state, told me that I can't drive my Tesla anymore. I had a Tesla, luckily I have multiple cars, but I had a Model X, and just one day Tesla told me that I can't drive my Tesla anymore, and it's just sat there. We haven't done anything with it yet, but it's just sat there. With Tesla telling us that we can't use the car yet, and you can't even unlock it, and I can't even take it to a center without towing it.

And obviously, it will be tracked along the way. This is the idea behind these electric vehicles. But you'll notice that they decided that they're going to be discontinuing the Model X and Model S. That was the announcement from Tesla stock. Now, although they've got the other models, Model 3 and Model Y, which are the cheaper versions of the models, it looks like this might be a movement towards you owning nothing and being happy. And so they might be moving to the fully autonomous rental model where you don't even own a car, but they get to take you everywhere via an electric car, and there's no ownership there. And so this kind of is, we'll keep watching these trends. They're just weak thoughts at the moment, but we should really watch where we're going. Because this is a digital prison through driving being billed. And what's happening with Trump? He announced this week that he wants to protect real estate owners. Okay. But what about the people who can't afford a home, the unaffordable housing? Well, Tesla's launching their own $7,000 smart homes. And so this is the same as the car. If they won't let you leave your house, Tesla can say you can't leave your house. If Tesla wants to tell you that you can't use your car, then Tesla can tell you you can't use your car. But everything's moving towards these, driving the price down while the real assets are going up in value in order to drive you into the surveillance state cheaper option. And so we've got to keep an eye on these trends.

It's also worth noting what the big geopolitical events are on the tech side. Well, these automated vehicles actually use more energy than artificial intelligence. Remember when Elon was pretending he cared about the environment and this was an environmental play, and he built his whole following around that? Well, this is less energy efficient than even artificial intelligence, and artificial intelligence is reconfiguring the world in order to power all of this energy. So, where is that energy going to come from? Well, it comes from these large transnational geopolitical trends that we'd be covering in part three as well.

Also, this year, you're now going to get the SpaceX IPO, and it's looking at floating at a valuation of a trillion and a half dollars, a trillion and a half dollars. And then we've got XAI, which is essentially going to be our social credit score. Because he was allowed to borrow against his Tesla stock. And as long as he submitted to the new agenda, which is not cancellation and censorship, it's freedom of speech, but not freedom of reach, which means you keep talking, build the algorithm, and then we'll assign you a social credit score, and we'll only boost your traffic when you're talking in the way we want you to talk. And so that psyop has just clearly been revealed now.

But also, you know, XAI, who's it raising from? Well, it's raising from transnational capital, it's the financial industrial complex doing the transaction, but it's the Gulf sovereign wealth fueled by Chinese money and Chinese oil purchases. So, you've got oil money, Gulf sovereign wealth funds investing in less energy-efficient technology, creating this energy situation in order to build the surveillance state.

I hope everyone has figured out at this stage that there's no human that could have done this without being DARPA-funded and connecting with intelligence agencies and being a tool for the proof of weapons network. And that's obvious when you see that regime changes are happening on X by Elon pushing out different narratives. And so if you comply with the network, as I've always said, I know I always pick on Elon. This is the same with all power structures.

I released a bunch of videos and interviews I did this week with different people describing in painful detail how all these different types of operations work. And it was awesome to see on the Peter McCormack channel, we became one of over a thousand videos with number five. So this content is very popular. Remember how long our YouTube channel was oppressed? It seems like that we could get a top-five video on the Peter McCormack channel, which beats all of the other videos, all of Michael Saylor's videos, all of Nye Bichelli's videos, even Israeli agents like Tommy Robinson. And we got ahead of there. So it was great to see that for some reason, the algorithm seems to be sending us a little bit of love right now.

Thank you, and appreciate all of you that have been with us all along when we were completely shadow-banned. But obviously, it's now because we're building our social credit score. I'm fully aware of it, which is why I'm always focused on how do you build the sovereign wealth for your country, your companies, and yourself?

Anyway, and now what they're doing is Elon's cross-pollinating the companies. So, after raising funds from the Gulf sovereign wealth funds, selling the key assets, you now have $65 trillion of assets in America sold to foreign companies. Tesla has invested two billion dollars in XAI, so it's cross-pollinating for whatever reasons on the stock market. We're starting to see that these solar stocks are starting to do really, really strongly so far this year in January. And software as a service stocks, they're doing really badly because AI is disrupting the need for software as a service. So this is radical centralization we're going to be seeing.

At the same time, the New York Stock Exchange has a launch that is going to be doing 24-7 trading by taking on-chain tokenized, you'll own nothing and be happy, tokenized exchange, while the DCTC, the clearinghouse for shares, they're going to be putting shares on-chain as well. And they're going to be integrating with stable coins as well. So you can see where this is all going. The whole idea behind making America crypto capital was not about freedom. It was about building out the surveillance state while managing a decline of the dollar, knowing that it will usher up civil unrest so that you can roll out the control grid within America after beta testing it around the world.

And you can see around the Trump administration all of the nodes that are involved in that, whether it be David Sachs as the crypto saw and AI saw, whether it be Peter Thiel and Alex Karp in the Palantir side or whether it be Elon and all the other PayPal mafias on the social credit score and AI side as well. So you've got AI for military on the Palantir side, AI for individuals and social credit scores on the Elon side, and then the programmatic money and government infrastructure, and then the privatization on the David Sachs side as well.

And if you're part of the crypto and tech lobby, you get to fit yourself on the right side of that, and the bank lobby is remaining, you know, lobbying through genius act in order to ensure it doesn't disrupt the dollar creation industry through the private fractional reserve banking system as well. And of course, this is being framed as MAGA and Trump taking on the system and the Fed. Okay. Right.

I want to do one more thing in the Bitcoin and tech section before we go into macro and geopolitics. And I want to look at Netherlands. Now, there's a reason for this, because this is a very interesting case study. When you follow the money, basically, Netherlands has said that it is going to be doing the wealth tax, the thing that we all talk about. Now, what is the wealth tax? A wealth tax is where you take all your wealth and your assets. And of course, when you're managing wealth and sovereign wealth, you don't hold your value in depreciating currencies, you hold it in assets.

Now, some of those assets, if you invest in private equity, for example, are illiquid. They may take seven to 10 years, if at all, to be able to realize any gains. And so what you're going to have to do now in Netherlands, if this all goes through, which it looks like it's going through, is there's going to be a tax on unrealized gains. So basically, investors will owe tax each year based upon any changes in the asset value. And this is even if nothing has been sold. So imagine you hold a bunch of private equity or you work for a startup and they give you some share options.

You have to value them and then you have to pay tax on them every year. But what if you haven't sold the asset or you can't sell the asset? Well, then you need to find the cash somehow or you need to find a way to sell the asset. In the case of Bitcoin or public stocks or bonds, it's fine; you can sell. You could even pay your tax in Bitcoin, and then there's no impact on the market at all. I'm not sure they're going to be able to take bonds as payment or whether they'll take stocks as payment, but some countries are going to be allowing Bitcoin as payment for tax. So this is essentially a way of getting their chip of Bitcoin. But those are liquid markets. What about illiquid markets? What about real estate that you can't sell? What about private equity that takes years? What about any other type of asset? And they'll list the types of assets that are included. And so this is where you realize that they know this. Look, some people think that this is just government stupidity. Governments are owned by lobbies, and lobbies know exactly what they're doing. They're managing, like BlackRock, their portfolios. And so with other assets, one way of doing it is they could make you, if you've got the asset, you could borrow against the asset. So this is the whole collateralized borrowing model. It's an extension of the Fiat Ponzi scheme rollover. So now they want you to take your assets, owe tax, and have to borrow against it. What does that do? Borrowing against your stock is inflationary, and paying tax is disinflationary because it takes money out of the system. And so essentially it's wealth confiscation, and you've got to create this whole industry of borrowing against your asset in order to pay your tax. And that's the next industry that will happen. But then if you're somebody that wants to issue a loan against an asset, if that's your business, you need it to be liquid. So what rate are you going to actually charge somebody to borrow against an illiquid asset? It's going to be a massively high rate. So this is wealth transfer to the financial industrial complex based upon you becoming a debt vehicle just to be able to pay some tax to combat some of the inflation. And then every year, you're going to have to look at all of your assets at the start of the year and the end of the year. And any income you received on those assets, as well as the tax you're already paying on that income, you're now going to have to pay the wealth tax on. So if you stay in the Netherlands, this has a very, very negative impact on those types of assets. It drives people to liquid assets over illiquid assets. And this is both on realized and unrealized gains. Now, it works in real-life games because you've already sold the asset and you have the cash to pay the tax. But when you really follow the money, imagine that there's something covert, which we always believe. What's the real intention of these policies? Well, what really is happening is what happened in the UK. Think about it. What happened in the UK? Now, there were talks about doing a wealth tax. They didn't actually do the wealth tax. But what they did is they did windfall taxes on energy, and they implemented new rules for any non-domicile residents in the UK. Basically, wealthy people that were living in the UK, they implemented changes while simultaneously talking about implementing a wealth tax, whereby those wealthy people would be taxed on their worldwide wealth. And so most wealthy people hold their wealth outside of these jurisdictions, because that's what the systems were set up to do. And obviously, you can push out the narrative that you're taxing the wealthy, which is a popular narrative in this type of environment. But what happened in the UK? Well, the UK experienced, in 2024, upon these announcements, the largest exodus of millionaires and billionaires that the country has ever experienced. Now, where did they all go? Firstly, the windfall tax in Scotland on the oil producers while pushing a renewable energy agenda is that if you vassalize Europe and the UK, you get to have a boost to the renewable energy companies, which are buying from China. So they're buying all those windmills from China, trying to become energy independent from the US because they can no longer buy cheap gas from Russia. And even if that's not efficient, they're trying to build some level of autonomy from the US. Now, it's BlackRock that owns the portfolio of all these big renewable energy companies, and it's China that benefits. So again, this is wealth transfer to the financial industrial complex, to the sovereign wealth funds, which are mainly fueled by Chinese manufacturing base. And so what this did anyway is it killed the North Sea oil extraction industry. Trump comes along and says, "I've been, you know, the UK are crazy. They're not taking advantage of their oil." But the UK, we know, is owned by lobbies as well. And so they can coordinate these types of transactions for the military industrial complex, technical industrial complex, and financial industrial complex. But anyway, what is the end result? The end result is predictable – exactly what happened in the UK. All the millionaires and billionaires will go, which leads to a reduction in the amount of tax that is collected, which is what's happening in the UK. And so you say you're going to tax the millionaires; the opposite happens. You reduce the amount of tax, and then you move to austerity and need bailouts. And the same thing can happen in the Netherlands. So let's take a little bit of a think around the Netherlands. Now, the UK operation was quite interesting. I'll go a little bit deeper into it. But you'd expect, where do they go? Well, where did all the people from the UK go? They all went to Dubai. So that boosts the economy of Dubai in these tax-neutral jurisdictions. And they have a larger and larger sovereign wealth fund as a result of attracting all the millionaires and billionaires. And so they build within the UAE a corner called Dubai just for Westerners. They build out all the prostitution industries and all this various other stuff. They allow for drinking and gambling and all that stuff that attracts the Westerners over there, while simultaneously weaponizing the media around there's a Muslim invasion in the UK and the demographic issues. And so you can weaponize these immigration issues, and then all the millionaires and billionaires flee to a Muslim country, realize there's no crime. And then you end up with the ones that are stuck on the war-trodden companies that are in poverty in the UK. And so you don't want to destroy the entire value of the UK, but you can vassalize it further and further. What does that mean? As the economy gets worse, the debt increases. You'll notice the stock market is going to all-time highs, so no matter how bad it gets in the UK, the stock market is still going up. Why? Because the government is a piggy bank for extracting value, asset stripping, and putting the value into the stock market. So this leads to distress finance and the need for private credit, and then the need for austerity. And with austerity, you can do an IMF bailout. And then you have massive mergers and acquisitions, privatization of national assets, private equity that bails out some of the distressed companies, gets to buy those assets on the cheap, repurposes it for data centers, surveillance state, whatever it wants to do. And as a little bump in all of these different private credit, private equity, and sovereign wealth fund investments. So it's a mechanism for asset stripping the country using tax policy, which makes no sense for anyone. It has a lovely narrative that you can give people. And you have people like, in the UK, you had like that Gary guy, he was everywhere, debating people saying, "You need to tax the rich, tax the rich, tax the rich." And it obviously doesn't make any sense when you go through it, because it leads to less tax income, exactly as we saw, which is predictable. But this capital flight strengthens the financial industrial complex and the sovereign wealth funds and transnational capital, and so they can ultimately move in and acquire many of the national assets. And that's what we're seeing alongside the FIC. Now, what does the Netherlands have? Why did they target the Netherlands next, given that we know the Netherlands was the creator of this model? You know, the Dutch Central Bank, the Dutch East India Company, the legal and legislative changes that created the version of capitalism as we know it.

And then, the Bank of England changed it into a debt-based Ponzi scheme. Once that bankrupted the government, we implemented it in the US with the Federal Reserve System. But what is it that the Netherlands has that's vital to this new AI, central bank digital currency world? Of course, it's the Netherlands semiconductor chip industry. They have a vital part of the chain. Taiwan and the Netherlands are the entire semiconductor chip manufacturing industry. And they both specialize in different parts of it. Could this be a mechanism for getting access in the US financial industrial complex to the Dutch semiconductor chip manufacturing side? And so that's why the lobby might be paying. This is going to be stripped at the expense of the Dutch people for the financial industrial complex. This is what you'd expect to see more and more of across Europe. While there'll be less social payments and social things, and more military spending and more vassalization and asset stripping.

Next to Taiwan, the Netherlands is the most important country in the supply chain now, who relies upon semiconductor chips. The entire financial industrial complex needs it for its portfolio companies, the technical industrial complex needs it for all their electric car vehicles, all of their AI, all of their data centers, all of these solar panels, and the military industrial complex can't even build an F-35 fighter jet and AI and cybersecurity warfare that they've been testing through Israel. They can't create any of these without the semiconductor chips. That becomes the vital supply chain. That's why I think you suddenly get a wealth tax in the Netherlands, and the result is predictable. You need to prepare yourself and start thinking about it because these things take about three to five years to manifest. I want you to get ahead of them by following the money. This is a partnership of the lobbies, who is the most important lobbies, tech, military, financial. And then they got their operations as well. This is the transnational capital thing that I've been talking about. This is why we're going to get Europe's inevitable decline. Because the infrastructure is decaying for distressed asset acquisition and asset stripping. We're going to see more and more of that. And as I said, this reverse colonization, because it's being done with foreign capital as well.

So I think just putting some predictions out there, don't take this with a grain of salt. The Netherlands is basically the potential next target of the financial industrial complex after all the beta tests that happened in the UK. I think Poland will be the next target of the military industrial complex because it's been promised by America as long as you go with our policy of reallocating all money in the European Union up to the US stock market via Ukraine. Then maybe they'll be back. There'll be a double crossing, and the Russia side might expand out to Poland as a beta test to make up for lost profits now that military is not in the Middle East. Trump is trying to raise a trillion and a half. Many defense contracts are being signed, but it's not as profitable as war. So maybe that will be as well. And as I said, the US and the UK was the beta test. And right now we're getting the full technical industrial complex rollout, a digital ID, and Europe is doing their central bank digital currencies and digital euros. If it succeeds there, this is what they would like to do globally, ideally, other than the escape valves for the elites.

So, these are the types of things to really consider, and I think we're going to see more and more of this across the European Union. So, I'll keep watching what happens in the Netherlands. Taxing on unrealized gains based upon economic ignorance and galvanizing the left-leaning people that are on the wrong side of wealth inequality, which is the vast majority of people, it's not a mistake. It is a deliberate act of economic sabotage. It is done by design. And it's not because politicians are stupid, it's because they're owned by their lobbies as well. And so the design is pretty simple. Politicians are owned by the lobbies. And they're there in order to put all the assets into distress. And then these assets are acquired through these tax-efficient jurisdictions and asset strips. And tax becomes the mechanism for achieving that and have an unacceptable narrative. Okay. And that's the vassalization strategy. And you'll notice that theme throughout all of the things.

One thing to look out for, New York's next. Remember what I said? New York was already on this trajectory. And so Mondami was to give an acceptable narrative to both left and right. The left thinks, "I'll buy into the political system, we might have our guy." The right gets to blame Mondami, saying, "What was already happening," and then the real powers in New York are the mafias, the feds, the real estate tycoons, the financial industrial complex, and so they get to potentially be the next experiment and recipient, while other states are being used for civil unrest campaigns and manufactured civil unrest, as we saw all throughout this week. And of course, there was reform in Trump with the 401k pensions in the US. What assets was it that he wanted to open up to pensions? Private credit, private equity, and crypto, the surveillance data, the funding of data centers, the asset stripping operations. And so what are they going to do prior to this private equity potentially having these wealth taxes, dumping on your pension? And so private equity gets to dump it onto the pensioners. And then they'll be able to borrow against their stock that will fuel the financial industrial complex and it'll create a whole new industry of asset stripping as well. And that's the situation that I think is happening as well.

It doesn't impact Bitcoin in the same way. They'll probably have their wealth taxes. So you need to be very careful of where you're living. But obviously, Bitcoin is liquid, and sometimes they'll allow you to pay with Bitcoin as well. But if you think about this, I hate using the word communism, socialism, and capitalism because there's no real case study of capitalism, there's no real case study of communism. But if the definition of communism is moving towards the removal of private property rights, and then this would be a movement towards that, but that's not what's happening here. They'll push the communism narrative. This is corporatism, this is wealth extraction of everybody into the hands of a fewer and fewer people, and this is both a political and a narrative play as well.

Speaking of which, in terms of Bitcoin companies, just before we close off and move over to part two, it was a longer section, we got shorter sections for part two and three, but we're going to see the next wave of IPOs. So, one of the hardware company wallet-based in France, Ledger, they're going to be doing an IPO, I think they were looking at a four billion dollar valuation, so expect that to go on to the stock market. BitGo, a custodian, is doing its IPO as well, I think it had an initial launch, and Gemini and Kraken are also next. And then we got a bunch of AI IPOs. So, Anthropic, ChatGBT, and we talked about SpaceX as well. At the same time, Clarity Act slightly stalled. We'll keep watching it. If you didn't watch my previous videos, I went in-depth into Clarity Act and the different power plays. But the Senate are meant to be voting on Clarity Act. There was a little bit of movement. There was the Democrats moving into a potential government shutdown over the ICE and civil unrest side. But also in the background, we're using this whole ethics provision, which is around the Trump shitcoin and all the things that Trump has been doing, basically personal enrichment using many of these crypto trends. They're using that as essentially the front-end left-right divide, so that all the people on the right think it's the radical left, all the people on the left think it's those horrible capitalist evil people. They have that as the front narrative. But in the background, it's a battle between the asset managers and the banks, the JP Morgan aligned factions and the Larry Fink aligned factions, using Coinbase as a proxy to push optimum narrative out through the crypto lobby. And so you saw that a bunch of the banks and financial institutions were called into the White House.

They also had Coinbase and Circle discuss the stable coin issues and aligning with BlackRock, and the bank's internal struggle between the banks and the asset managers that I've covered in previous videos. You can go over to my blog to see me break down the topics into parts. I also provide AI summaries for those who don't watch the full content. 

The end result so far is that no crypto companies would move to the surveillance state of America. There's no tax efficiency there. Everyone remains in Singapore, Hong Kong, Dubai, the Cayman Islands, the British Virgin Islands, and El Salvador. Crypto capital was always going to be a surveillance state from day one. The companies won't move there; it's just about holding those factions. Crypto capital will always be in other parts of the world, which ties into the multipolar narrative. We've seen Trump using stable coins to get foreign direct investment and some of these trades, and that's showing up as well.

The most important thing, as I said, is that Americans get to maintain their Bitcoin in self-custody, according to the Clarity Act. It's interesting that there was a change in language around the self-custody part. I still think it will stay in there, but it's interesting that people were debating the self-custody aspect. As long as you can hold your Bitcoin in self-custody, which I think elites will want to do, so it will be maintained, but it looks like they're trying to get it where all Americans have to custody their Bitcoin, and only the elites are able to self-custody. As long as you still get it in there and you keep following, you'll be able to escape and do what you need to do.

We're going to be moving into part two. To close off on the Bitcoin and tech section, there was a new Fed chair announced today, which will be taking over in May from Jerome Powell. That is Kevin Walsh. Kevin Walsh will essentially be the first Federal Reserve chairman to have publicly taken a pro-Bitcoin stance. Let's take a look at some of the macro impacts. That's going to be everything I've covered for this week in Bitcoin and tech and the big trends. This was the longer section. We're now going to be moving over to this week in macro. In part two, I'll be covering the market impact of gold ending dollar dominance, and why I see that, and the big trends and things we need to cover.

Welcome to part two of Simon Dixon's Hard Talk. We're going to be covering this week in macro, and the main thing we're going to be talking about is centered around our gold theme. In part one, we discussed all the gold technology and its impact. But now, we're going to be going into the market impact of essentially gold ending dollar dominance and why I'm saying that.

I've got a little AI summary video that I'm going to play for you before we go into the geopolitical section. But essentially, as we've been warning all along, the dollar is basically collapsing relative to gold. If you look at the price of gold this week, it's been volatile, priced between $5,000 and $5,500 on record volatility. The financial industrial complex is loving the volatility, and the hedge funds are all out in full force.

The price of gold can be thought of as a collapsing dollar, because this really is the alternative to holding your value in dollars. And all around the world, everyone's holding it in gold right now. At the same time, silver went from approximately $105 this week to over $100, which is a significant increase. This is an industrial asset, so we'll be going through a bit of the impact on that.

If we look at the market capitalization of gold and compare it to the market capitalization of treasuries, gold has officially overtaken US treasuries in central banks' FX reserves for the first time in at least 20 years. This is a significant shift, as US treasuries are still a very liquid asset, but it's going more and more internal, and more foreign countries are selling them.

We've been in a 15-year uptrend of dollar strengthening relative to other currencies and commodities, and that trend is broken. We've also been in a 15-year trend of US stocks outperforming foreign stocks, and that trend is broken as well. This means that if you're someone outside the US, your dollar is decreasing your purchasing power, and you're allowed to take your dollars, but you get to buy less and less foreign currency.

However, your exports get cheaper if you're a business, and all of the people will be thinking about that in terms of travel. They'll be thinking, "Yeah, I get less of my foreign currency, so therefore, my dollar's weakening, and it's buying me less of a foreign currency." You also start thinking about your domestic impact. Now, most people, it's just going to be the two sides to currency weakness: purchasing power, which is domestic impact, which has always been going down.

But the strengthening dollar means that when you're dealing in the international markets, your dollar buys you more, and you have a strengthening currency. Now that effect is happening in reverse, and so that keeps people unsure for those that will travel less as well. And so that's one of the impacts.

If we look at the actual stats of what happened, the official gold holdings at the current market price were up by $5 trillion overall, surpassing the foreign official treasury holding, which was up by $3.9 trillion. Gold holdings have effectively tripled since quarter four 2019, and that was aggressive purchases by central banks into rising prices as well.

Over that period, central banks have added approximately 4,500 tons of gold, which is a significant amount. And at the same time, foreign treasury holdings have remained basically unchanged. So we've had 4,500 reported tons of gold, while treasury has been flat over that time period. And so basically, that means gold is rebuilding the entire global financial system, and that has impacts.

Now, what I want to do is I created a little AI summary video where I think Infronomics, which is a great channel, summarized some of the impacts. So let's play the first AI summary from Infronomics.

The video starts by discussing a recent speech by former President Trump, which sent shockwaves through the financial world. The analysis zooms in on a specific speech where Trump's whole philosophy on the US dollar seemed to do a complete 180, catching pretty much everyone off guard.

For years, the mantra was simple: "King dollar." The idea was that the US dollar had to be the strongest currency, period. But now, the new stance is that maybe a weaker dollar isn't so bad. It might even be good for America. This is a complete U-turn.

To really get why this is such a huge deal, we need to peel back the layers on a fundamental problem. A problem right at the heart of our financial system that's all tied up in the dollar being the world's go-to currency. The video takes us way back to the gold standard to make a point.

Think of it like this: back then, the system had a natural, self-correcting feature. If a country sold way more stuff than it bought, its currency would automatically get stronger. That made its goods more expensive, and poof, things balanced out. It was like a built-in safety valve.

But today, it's like we're in some kind of bizarro world where gravity works in reverse. The source points out that countries like China and Japan are running these massive trade surpluses, selling tons of goods, but their currencies are actually getting weaker compared to the dollar. It's the exact opposite of how it's supposed to work.

And this whole strange situation has a name: Triffin's Dilemma. The idea is simple: you can't serve two masters. The U.S. has to choose between what's good for its own economy and what's good for the rest of the world that uses its currency. You can't do both forever.

So to keep the world supplied with dollars, the U.S. has to run these massive deficits. It has to spend way more than it brings in. And in just the last 12 months, that number was a jaw-dropping $1.2 trillion. You can think of that as the price the U.S. pays to be the world's banker.

But here's the flip side of that coin: that $1.2 trillion doesn't just vanish; it comes flowing right back into the United States. But here's the kicker: it's used by other countries to buy up American assets – we're talking stocks, bonds, real estate, you name it.

And when you let that happen year after year, decade after decade, you end up here with foreigners owning $28 trillion more of U.S. assets than Americans own of foreign assets. The video calls this the biggest IOU in the history of the world.

So what's the bottom line? What does this all mean? The argument is that with an IOU that big, the U.S. isn't really in the driver's seat of its own economy anymore. It's like someone else is holding the puppet strings.

Okay, so if the system is this broken, how do you even begin to fix it? Well, according to the source video, there might already be a blueprint out there, a paper from late 2024 that lays out a radical game plan.

And the plan is bold. We're not talking about small tweaks. This is about flipping the whole board over, intentionally weakening the dollar, putting up tariffs, and making it way less attractive for foreign money to flood into the US. The whole goal is to force a rebalancing of the entire global system. Alright, let's bring this all back down to earth because this isn't just some abstract economic theory. The video argues that a shift this big would have a massive direct impact on everybody's investments, savings, basically your wallet. Now, check this out: this chart is a real eye-opener. So, if you're an American investor, you see the S&P 500 up 18%, and you're feeling pretty good. But if you're an investor from Europe or say Switzerland, your gains were almost completely wiped out, all eaten up by the super strong dollar. It's this hidden risk that almost nobody talks about.

So, who's really benefiting from this flood of foreign money propping up asset prices? The video points to a pretty staggering number. The top 10% of Americans own 92% of the stocks. It suggests that the current system might be a huge engine for wealth inequality, and a reset could seriously shake that up. And the video argues the dominoes wouldn't stop falling there. You could see the end of the dollar's reign, which could send something like gold soaring. Big corporations that rely on global supply chains? Their profits could take a serious hit. And for the rest of us? Well, get ready for everything we import to get a lot more expensive.

So, this brings us to the final point from the analysis, and it's a big one. The argument isn't just that this change should happen. It's that it's coming whether we like it or not. It's basically unavoidable. And really, this quote says it all. The ultimate message is that you just can't defy financial gravity forever. A system that's this imbalanced, that the video says has hollowed out the industrial base and created such huge wealth gaps, well, it was never going to last. The bill, it seems, is finally coming due. And that leaves us all with the big trillion-dollar question at the center of this whole thing. Is the world on the verge of finally breaking its addiction to the U.S. dollar? That's the core idea from the infranomics analysis we've explored for you today.

Okay, I hope you enjoyed that little summary. It gives me a little bit of a break as well. Right, so my long-term thesis is that the financial industrial complex, because America has sold itself and is foreign-owned, you've got these global institutions and asset managers that's taking all of your pension insurance premium and ETF inflows, they've taken over the market. They can now control the market, not through fundamentals, but by controlling the media narrative, by giving access to steady flow via ETF, and by printing money through the Federal Reserve. And Trump is ensuring that we now go into our second government lockdown, where all the lobbies negotiate and ask what they want. They all negotiate over what they want, and then the politicians have to say, "I'll give you this, I'll give you that." That's how they control policy, and then we move into midterm elections where Trump then has to say, "Oh, now I need to raise finance," and then everyone auctions off all the things they want to the lobbies, and all the people think that they're voting, and they get to control the media and media narrative, and also they control the algorithms and technical industrial complex.

And you have all the subordinate nodes in the network and entrepreneurs and public companies. They all have to compromise into the same network. Watch any of my videos and recent interviews. And I go through that in depth. I've uploaded them all onto Simon Dixon, my YouTube channel. Right. So they're breaking the euro dollar, breaking the petrodollar, breaking the Japan carry trade. And we're having a commodity realignment and a structural deficit on that. So we've looked at gold now, ultra volatile, we're getting gold crashes, we're getting massive movements in one day. I mean, we could have had a major silver correction today. But the squeeze is still there.

So, what is the financial industrial complex doing? Well, it looks like somebody who has a problem has either got a bank bailout through the QE, the shift to QE under Jerome Powell, or we've had volatility plays in order to make up for lost profits on contracts that can't be settled as a result of this structural deficit. There's not enough silver to meet all these paper contracts, so either they're going to throw under the bus a hedge fund like Long-Term Capital Management at some point, or we've already had a covert bank bailout, or they're just committing fraud and engaging in structural volatility to hide the losses. And that's why I think we're seeing much of that absolute whipsaw in prices right now.

Now, gold is different than silver. The use case of Bitcoin as self-custody with gold is actually a monetary asset, as well as Bitcoin being a fixed supply monetary asset on a digital global scale. Gold has its 5,000 years of history, and it's obviously used by central banks. Silver has effectively been a monetary asset, but now it's become industrial, because it's needed for electronics, and we're in the whole shift to this AI, CBDC, central bank digital currency, and stablecoin AI-powered social credit score world. So, 60% of all silver is industrial. Now, imagine if you're an industrial producer and you need silver because you actually want to take delivery of silver. That's what the futures market and derivatives were made for in the first place. It was for you to be able to hedge your risk.

Now, imagine the price pops like crazy, and you decide to lock in any downside. And so you take out a derivatives contract, but then the price goes up like crazy. And so you're whipsawing on the wrong side of those that control the price, that create the derivatives, the financial industrial complex. So, what are they doing? They could be trying to make up for lost profits by essentially taking the companies that are using it for genuine economic activity and emulating them into taking over their supply in the silver miners and various other infrastructure plays. But at the same time, they have to do that in partnership with China, because China is basically doing most of the refining from the different components that are taken out of the ground.

But what is silver actually needed for? Now, imagine you're a weapons manufacturer, military industrial complex, electronics, technical industrial complex. You're building data centers and funding them through the financial industrial complex, or you're building out many of these solar panels and you're China. So, China's keeping hold of its silver because it needs it for itself. And so that has made a contraction in the export market. What about all the different batteries and electric car vehicles? Well, all of those actually need silver. So, this is I expect a big shakeout in mergers and acquisitions, massive fraud and manipulation happening in the background because remember for decades they were holding the price down through these paper contracts because they were focused on dollar dominance.

So, if you want dollar dominance, that's not organic. You oppress the price of gold and you oppress the price of silver. But now the financial industrial complex is reversing that trend. This ain't a conspiracy theory. As you can see, the American politicians are sold to the FIC, the Senate, the Congress, the judicial, all of the public markets, foreign-controlled as well as domestic FIC, and these are global. So, this is just follow the money, and you can see exactly what's happening. You don't need any type of conspiracy theory.

So, what happened this week? So, we had gold and silver squeezes, and then we had the breaking of the euro dollar, Japanese yen trade, and the petrodollar as well. So, the DXY, which measures a basket of foreign currencies, Swiss franc, Japanese yen, mainly the euro, various other currencies as well, Japanese, it dropped down to $96. So, it is now at its lowest value for a long time. So, how is this working? Well, you got the two punch. Remember, Scott Peltz, that was the currency raider that worked for George Soros as the chief investment officer. Scott Peltz is basically denying that he's weakening the dollar, so he's like the sensible public-facing one, even though he started talking about Democrats, that uh, apparently politicians were needed knee pads, uh, because they were doing all sorts of sexual acts to Alex Soros, George Soros' son, while he was trying to connect that to the destabilization campaign and using those types of language, while he used to work for George Soros.

So it's very ironic that these different things are coming out. But all in all, he's meant to be the sensible one because he's trying to fool people into thinking that this is not just chaos. However, this is all weakening the dollar while he denies it. Interestingly, Trump actually started saying, as he was asked by the public, that Jerome Powell was ignoring questions, saying it's nothing to do with me, we just do monetary policy, we just do inflation and employment numbers, and ensuring stable pricing. Yet, when Trump was asked by journalists in his last statement, he said the dollar is doing very well. This created a massive correction because the dollar is weakening like crazy, it's crashing in DXY terms, in gold terms, in silver terms, and Trump thinks everything's doing okay, so that perpetuated further contraction as well. It's all part of the dollar weakening strategy, as far as I'm concerned. This is not Trump playing 5D chess. This is, as I said, from day one, Trump was selected in order to strategically weaken the dollar, use the financial industrial complex to usher in this multipolar world. And so all he needs to do is be crazy and do things that ruin people's faith in trading with America and creating more volatility. Trump basically crashes and creates volatility, essentially strategically weakening the dollar while saying that he's not. And eventually, you get a point where we are right now, where they start to admit it in order to accelerate it. And as you accelerate it, you get more and more pumps into gold. So even though you're getting these massive corrections, like don't trade this stuff, you're going to be on the right side. But if you're just adding each month, making sure you own a bit more each month, and you're having a longer-term strategy to survive this, I'm sure you'll be fine. And you can pick up some bargains sometimes and pay high prices sometimes. But overall, you should be fine.

The big macro picture here is that the strategy is obvious, and it's going to continue for the whole Trump administration. The goal is to roll over the debt so that the financial industrial complex gets additional capital. They get all those yields coming in on the longer-term bonds, while the shorter-term bonds are used to manufacture more distress. The US government recently sold an additional $654 billion of treasuries across nine different auctions. The demand is still there, but it's not foreign countries buying it. So who's buying it? It's Americans. They're using your pension and your contribution to ETFs, money market funds, and everything in order to make sure that you're getting these treasuries. So it's all being domesticated in terms of the debt. And so if foreigners are selling the debt, you're buying the debt, what are they doing with that excess money? Well, they're pumping stocks. And so who benefits from stocks? We know it's the wealthy, that 92% of stocks are owned by 10% of the population, plus foreign transnational capital from when the dollar was the world reserve currency. But now it is no longer, and gold is the world reserve asset. And so they're managing that transition. And so the S&P passed $7,000 for the first time. Trump gets to say the stock market's at all-time highs, best we've ever seen. He's basically saying it's the best we've ever seen for 10% of his donors and the FIC. But what does this also do? It strategically weakens the dollar and it pushes for capital outflows. And so this transitions us to this multipolar world, which of course is what I said, Dollar Liberation Day on day one, I said, this is a FIC mission delivered by Trump to give MAGA narrative as we actually transition to a multipolar world and China will be the net beneficiary and the FIC will emanate and acquire all the small businesses that go bankrupt from paying the additional tax. It will suppress a bit of the inflation because tax is disinflationary. And they'll build out what they call the manufacturing we're repatriating, which means robotics, AI data centers, which causes a massive unemployment. But you get the productivity increase. And the only way to oppress the reality is to make sure that the price of oil goes down. So we have these massive operations around the price of oil. But overall, this pushes us to the multipolar world, which was the mission of BlackRock and transnational capital due to this change in alignment because China is the rising power.

So what would you expect to happen in that type of environment? I've covered it many times. Non-US markets would outperform US markets. I went through some data last week. You can go back and watch that. That's what's happening across the board in general. And non-US currencies will be stronger than US as a general trend. That's the two 15-year cycles of strengthening dollar and outperformance of US stocks relative to other stocks. You have to do this relative. And if we start pricing everything in gold, then everything's crashing relative to gold, which is the movement to the multipolar world order and this organic switch to not a gold standard, but using gold as a world reserve asset. And then of course, they tokenize it to turn it into a currency and you can regionalize it as well. But anyway, all of this is creating volatility for mergers and acquisitions for the financial industrial complex. We got to see that M&A activity and trading was driving most of the bank profits in their last earnings. So they're making tons of money from volatility and mergers and acquisitions. But meanwhile, the bigger trend is we're pushing everyone towards China. And so what are you seeing all around the world? You're seeing massive trade deals between the West and China and other parts of the world in regional blocks are being announced one after the other, one after the other. And then what do you do internally? Well, because there's going to be a massive shakeout as a result of this, because you're basically dumping the debt on the ordinary people, pushing the stock market, which is then creating transnational capital and a realignment, you're creating the surveillance state for the technical industrial complex. And this is why you get an increase in military spending for the military industrial complex. So you're basically reducing the debt to pump the markets to extract more wealth, asset strip. And the people that are wealthy, what are they doing? Well, they're exiting for either the Middle East or the global South or the different islands. And they're planning their exit in case things get too bad. And so that's why you're seeing a massive escalation in the Western Hemisphere. And that's because the military used to be able to profit from the whole world and now it can only profit from regional as it slowly goes to defense contracts which are less profitable than attack and war.

And so the next thing, as I said, government shutdown. What will they make the key issue? Well, the narrative will be immigration, but actually, it's just the powers and the elites deciding how to divvy up all the money. And so basically, you'll see more and more ICE atrocity propaganda in order to make people think that this is a left and right issue. Those on the left, they're pushing the narrative, America's strong, and they're becoming authoritarian. On the right, they're saying, you people are radical, and we're dealing with our immigration issue, when really very little is actually changing, but people are getting angrier and angrier and angrier. And the end result of all the violence is that you usher in the surveillance state removal of constitution, and many of the trends that I've been calling over the years for manufacturing civil unrest.

We said earlier in part one that Trump announced that Kevin Walsh is the new Fed chairman. That was announced on Truth Social, of course. This basically means what is the impact? We're not having BlackRock installed. BlackRock is head of World Economic Forum. Rick Rader was not selected. That would have been part of the negotiations between the banks and the asset managers. But in the end, Trump has put a pundit that will effectively be pushing down the short-term interest rates, which is basically going to push up the long-term interest rates, push down the short-term interest rates. And we'll start to see those operations around May this year, once Jerome Powell starts to exit.

And any announcement that he makes kind of undermines the existing Fed regime. However, there would have been all sorts of negotiations in the background in order to buy that position based upon the different powers and factions and balance of power as well. So, what does that mean? Debt's going to go up. It's going to go higher and higher, with long-term higher rates and short-term lower rates. As a result, you will be paying the lower rates and subsidizing mortgages, debt, and auto loans, and all that stuff will likely go up because the longer-term rates will go up as you start to do these yield controls on the bond markets. The bond holders are in charge here. And they want to sacrifice the currency because they're managing this multipolar world as well. So, I think stocks and assets will be forced upwards no matter what, even if it has to be propped up by quantitative easing. Any corrections will be consolidation and volatility plays. The dollar, as the world reserve currency, will be weakened and weakened and weakened. And it will be profited by the FIC and transnational capital will be managing. They don't want to do it as a sudden crash. They want to make sure that it's managed this way, as I've always been covering. And we are basically deep into the asset stripping exercise. And so, as I said, there is $65 trillion of US assets, which are foreign owned. And what are they doing? They're selling US bonds in order to buy US equities and repatriate capital, a percentage of that back home due to the currency and FX issues as well, which pushes up the demand for these foreign currencies and weakens the demand for the dollar. I don't think that trend is going to stop. We are officially in that and it's probably going to accelerate and accelerate from here.

The Fed decided this week under Jerome Powell to hold rates and do nothing. Eight people voted for holding the rates, and two people voted for decreasing the rates, which is the people that were looking for jobs with the Trump administration. We avoided the scenario where the BlackRock CIA was handed over monetary policy, but they still have their technology Aladdin being used by the Fed, where they can push out the data as well. Now, it also means that because of this regime change within the Fed, it might be able to fix the private credit markets, get much of this funding into the AI data centers, which is being funded through private credit. And the Fed chair, Jerome Powell, after not cutting rates, he basically made some statements that created a bit of spook on the dollar as well. He said that the US $38.5 trillion national debt is not sustainable. And so he'll start pushing out those types of narratives while the shadow Fed chair that will be coming in in May is going to be pushing out, "don't worry, we're going to roll over the market." Stocks are bonds being sold, dumped onto the American people, currency weakened, and they're all playing a game of narratives.

Now, we also had massive action on the Japan carry trade. That also happened. That was the first correction in DXY relative to the Japanese Yen. And basically, the carry trades that have been pumping JJB, which is long-term Japanese bonds, their yield has been going up and up and up, which means that the bond price has been weakening because as the price goes down, you get the bond price, the yield going up in order to compensate people with those new yields. So essentially, this week, since last week, JJB yields have been going through the roof, they've reached another breakout point. And that breaks the Japan carry trade where all the hedge funds get to borrow at 0%. And so what are they effectively doing? They're selling their 0% bonds, which is creating a crash in the bond market. And then they're buying the new yielding bonds. So new issues are happening. Those are happening at higher rates because they put the rates up. And so now you can sell your 0% bonds, but you have to accept a discount for them, which crashes the market, and they'll have to pay a higher yield in order to attract those new investors. Repatriate capital. And this essentially rotates capital back to Japan and away from investing in US bonds. So Japan is one of the highest purchases of treasuries. It's gone from over $2 trillion to around about $1.8 trillion.

And there was what is called a rate call. So the Bank of Japan did what's called a rate call. What this is, is effectively, the Bank of Japan starts calling up all the different FX brokers, the major FX brokers. And they go and ask for a quote. And they would like to know, they ask for a quote. And then what happens is just by giving that quote by the Bank of Japan, all the different traders, they start doing what the quote was. So without the Bank of Japan having to do anything, everyone repositions. They start selling their dollars and buying Japanese yen in line with the rate call, and then it becomes a self-fulfilling prophecy. This is what triggered the correction in DXY, because essentially the Bank of Japan was strengthening the Japanese yen relative to US dollars. And this is a soft intervention. It's not direct market intervention.

So what did the Federal Reserve do afterwards? Well, remember the Federal Reserve is not in charge of currency policy. The Treasury is actually in charge of currency policy, but they use the New York Fed. They tell the New York Fed, they call the New York Fed and tell them that they would like to get a quote or a rate call. And so after the Bank of Japan did the rate call, the New York Fed did the rate call as well. And what were they doing? Selling dollars as well. So this was the Bank of Japan and Treasury via the New York Fed Department strategically weakening the dollar without actually having to deploy any capital. So this was an on-purpose operation.

And so the Japanese currency is strengthening relative to the dollar, which is why the price of DXY was going down because it's part of that basket of currencies and then it has an impact on the Swiss franc, the euro, and all the other operations that we're seeing right now.

Now, what is the difference between Japan and America because people make the comparison all the time? They say, "yeah, but Japan is screwed. They got 250% debt to GDP." That is true. They have a much, much higher debt to GDP rate than the US. The US has 125% going on to 145%. And that's increasing, not decreasing. Japan has a higher rate, but what is the difference? They've got massive trade surplus. Essentially, they export a lot more than they import, which means that they get this inflow and trade surplus. And this means that they have to take those reserves and buy assets. So they have a trade surplus, but America has the opposite. The US debt is essentially foreign owned because of this. When you have a trade surplus, you end up buying US assets. And so this is that $65 trillion of foreign-controlled assets, which means that foreign bondholders effectively have significant influence over monetary policy.

So you have two choices. Japan has to basically choose between the bond market or its currency. You can't have both. And that's the Triffin's dilemma that we talked about in the AI video. And so you either satisfy bondholders or you satisfy your currency goal, because the bondholders can exert pressure. And this is one of the primary mechanisms for controlling government policy and monetary policy. And so what Japan is doing effectively right now is they are choosing their currency at the expense of bondholders that had the 0% crashing bonds right now. They're sacrificing their bondholders in order to strengthen their currency.

Now, the US has to choose between their bondholders at the expense of currency as well. And what are they doing? They're basically choosing bondholders, which is the financial industrial complex, at the expense of the currency. So anyone that thinks this isn't the end of the world's reserve currency as we know it, unless we get a radical shift in all of these trends and these policies, which I don't think we're going to see, this is 100% the end of world reserve currency and gold being the strategic world reserve asset and some of the trends that I was mentioning in part one.

Now, we've also simultaneously, remember the largest basket of currencies in DXY, which is the American dollar versus the euro.

NATO is effectively sucking up all of these euro dollars, which are dollars created through the US banking system. And so that is why we're getting this strengthening of the euro. And that's also pushing the DXY down as well. This is the importance of the Greenland narrative. The Greenland narrative is pushing for higher native expenditure, while strategically weakening the relationship between America and the European Union. And so we had a bit of a trade war as a result of the Greenland narrative. So Trump is an agent of chaos for the financial industrial complex. So what do you do? You start ratcheting up the Greenland narrative. So we suddenly had an announcement that the US would impose 10% tariffs on the following countries: France, Finland, Norway, Sweden, Denmark, Germany, the Netherlands, the UK. And then it would increase to 25% on June 1st if a deal around Greenland had not been reached. This is when we started to get that resurgence of stress in the bond markets. The bondholders then spoke. And what happened? Immediately, you got a reversal of policy. So you get this massive volatility, and then we escalate to the next crisis as well. And so it was cancelled after the mass volatility, and the bondholders chose the currency over the bondholders. And it sucked up a bunch of these euro dollars, which weakens the dollar as well. The FIT can acquire more EU private assets. I covered that in part one when we went through the wealth tax and the unrealized gains taxes, but they can have more and more acquisitions for the financial industrial complex, so they can subordinate Europe further and further and further into ETF control, bondholder control, and FIT control.

Now, what's interesting is what else do we have here? Well, who are the largest holders as a block of US treasuries? So we said Japan is the largest single holder, and they've been selling down. And we've had the Japan carry trade to repatriate capital. What about the second-largest or actually the largest holder of bonds as a block of US treasuries? It's actually the European holders if you combine them as a block. So the UK has $860 billion of US treasuries, Belgium has $460 billion, Luxembourg has $420 billion, France has $370 billion, Ireland has $340 billion, Switzerland has $300 billion. If you combine the whole European bloc, and I don't mean the European Union, I mean the European bloc, that's over three trillion dollars, which is more than China and Japan combined. And so China's down to about $800 billion, and they continue to sell. And so by weaponizing Greenland, you get to essentially have this strategic weakening of the euro dollar and weakening of the dollar and the currency, and come after Europe in order to subordinate further. Now, they're all in distress as well. Most of those countries are in distress. And so you get to push that into the asset stripping operation as well.

And this is why international stocks are all seeing these big inflows at the moment. So if you look at stock markets, total developed market is the category they call. They've attracted $50 billion of net inflows year to date. Now, this is compared to if you look at international stocks, they captured 79% of that total. So that's $39 billion was net inflows into international markets. Investors that invested in the US markets only got $5 billion. Sorry, $5 billion. Let me get this right. Investors also basically invested five billion dollars into European equities, and so you had international markets as the largest recipient, five billion dollars into European markets, two billion dollars into Japanese equities. And by comparison, how much did the US receive in net inflows so far this year? $771 million, less than a billion of net inflows. And so this is why we're seeing that trend as well.

We're also combining that with the geopolitical section, you know, that I've always said, the Ukraine war was started by the financial industrial complex through covert operations, regime changes in 2014 to install a leadership that would agitate Russia, and then you install Zelensky who works for the military industrial complex, and then you get agitated war with Russia, which weakens Europe as a block, you get to acquire all the assets, ruin energy flows, get it addicted to US LNG, US flows, and then start using Russia to carve up Ukraine for the benefit of BlackRock, and then use the UK and European Union to print money in order to pump the US stock market. That was the net impact. That's why it's still going on, and there's no peace. And you're getting this tick for tack, back and forth. You're saying Zelensky doesn't want it, Putin doesn't want it, and then you get further and further escalation, pretense that there's going to be peace. This thing goes on because it's part of the European destabilization campaign.

And so we had an additional announcement that Russia started destroying Ukraine energy infrastructure. This creates a full dependency upon Russia and BRICS in the end. Then you need more money from the European Union. NATO makes sure it goes back into BlackRock portfolio companies. You collateralize more of the land, and effectively BlackRock, the financial industrial complex, and Russia get to carve up the whole thing, and then they get to utilize that energy to power all of these AI and data centers and all this stuff in the end. Now, the European countries came out and they told their people very proudly in European Union speeches that we're going to be providing more financial support to Ukraine, help them with their energy needs. We're defending democracy. We're under existential threat. Putin is Hitler. We've got to make sure that you give more money, and a ratcheting up of that narrative as well.

Meanwhile, international stocks attracted 50 times more inflows than US stocks throughout the whole year so far. So we're only in that trend as well. But the demand for international stocks is soaring. And then we get these pivots and we get these trade deals as a result because Trump effectively works for the FIC, Transnational Capital, Sovereign Wealth Funds, funded by China Manufacturing Base. Through those covert mechanisms, FIC sets the policy, Trump implements the policy, puts it in a MAGA narrative, and drives everyone to China. And so what did we have this last week? We had Canada do public announcements of their relationship with China. We had the UK go over to Beijing. And we had the European Union all sign different types of public meetings, trade deals, announcements around whatever their China policy is. Trump then uses that to create volatility. So I'll put tariffs on you if you do it. And in the end, you end up with this volatility play, but everyone driving closer and closer towards China and ushering in the multipolar world.

In fact, Canada and Germany even started allowing Chinese electric vehicles. Trump started making announcements around. Basically, look, if you want if you want Trump to get a peace prize, there's deals that are just absolutely making China great again throughout this whole policy. I mean, now Germany created a $3 billion subsidy in Germany, which is available to anybody that buys electric vehicles from China. What does America get out of that? LNG sales. And Europe hasn't really sanctioned. They're still keeping all the flows as well. Now, if you want to talk about world peace, this is a real one. This is a real one. Because of these policies, India and Canada, India and Canada, the relationship could not have been worse in terms of if you look at the history, just look it up, do a chat GBT on the relationship why India and Canada hate each other. There was an 18-year deal signed between India and Canada strengthening BRICS. So Canada is going to be exploring both India, China, Qatar, and then obviously they still have to work with the US anyway. This is such a transnational capital-influenced operation while Trump is enriching himself, which is just exposing how the whole system works. And again, nothing to do with Trump. I'll explain it under Biden. I'll explain it on whoever comes next as well. This is systemic into the system.

And so there was also a historic trade deal announced between India and the European Union. And now the UK is talking about opening up visas where people from the UK can go visa-free to China for 30 days as well, opening up these different types of trade. And so the European Union and India as well, all strengthening the BRICS corridor and just playing out into this multipolar world.

What else did we have? There was a little bit of an oil price movement, which is worth watching. And last week or the week before, I think we had a low of about $59 per barrel in Brent crude. Then we got close to about $70. I saw it going up to about $70, $69. This was based upon ratcheting up the Iran narrative. The U.S. was sending their warships over, and you got a real ratcheting up of the narrative. Then, a second ship was sent through, which we'll cover more in the geopolitical section. We've had a correction down to about $65 per barrel. I haven't looked today, but maybe we're crashing to about $60 dollars. Everyone is now looking into what's going to be happening next with Iran. I'll keep following the price of oil.

All eyes are now on what's going to be the next phase of drama between the U.S., Israel, and Iran. We're going to be focusing on that as well as the gold conversation in terms of geopolitical and strategic impact and how we can interpret that.

It's official that gold reserves are higher internationally at central banks than U.S. Treasury reserves. The 15-year trend in the strengthening of the dollar has been reversed, and the 15-year outperformance of U.S. stocks relative to foreign stocks has also been reversed. We've seen massive operations in both the euro-dollar and the Japanese yen. Once the dollar weakens, it breaks the pegs. Those that are defending the pegs in petrodollar countries need to start selling their Treasuries or their gold. They're not going to be selling a strengthening gold; they'll always choose their U.S. Treasuries. However, the financial-industrial complex and transnational capital are coordinating because they don't want to break anything. They want to make sure that this is just asset stripping from the populations and building out the surveillance state with the technical-industrial complex.

These are the different trends that are happening. The impact of the fact that the dollar is weakening and now gold is a world reserve asset, and what that strategically means, I'll be covering in more detail. I'd like for you to share your thoughts in the comments below. If you didn't watch part one, go back to the technical side, and I'll be covering this week in geopolitics. We'll be looking at the geopolitical fallout of gold ending dollar hegemony and particularly the next war, the next type of narrative, and what to expect from it based upon our transition to this multipolar world and everyone's role.

We're now in part three of Simon Dixon Live this week in geopolitics, and I'm going to be going through the geopolitical fallout of gold ending dollar hegemony. We covered most of the parts in part one and part two in terms of the general impact on the currency side, technology side, and the macro side. But it also has a geopolitical impact, and we can read what's happening in order to make determinations of what might be happening in many of these different wars, which is what I've always done when I follow the money.

So as gold strengthens, it essentially breaks the currency pegs. What that means is that if you're pegging your currency to dollars, then you need to defend the peg. And the only way to defend the peg is to sell assets to buy up those dollars. So you either sell your US treasuries or you sell your gold. Most people will be choosing US treasuries at some point, but you need to choose the right strategic point. All the central bankers that are members of the Bank for International Settlements and the largest shareholder being the Federal Reserve will be coordinating on their monetary policy in those node networks. And of course, partnering with the financial industrial complex, the sovereign wealth funds, and transnational capital, and the largest one being China as well.

And so if you break those currency pegs, you effectively break a part of the petrodollar. Because now, if you're pricing your oil in dollars, where are you going to hold those dollars? You have to hold them in treasuries. But now the value of those treasuries is going down at a faster rate than the yield. And so therefore, it creates a doom loop, where there's no point holding it in those treasuries. And so instead, you hold them in gold, and then that breaks the petrodollar. You start denominating it, and then you start looking at your actual trading partners. And so now America is an energy exporter.

If you're Saudi, you start looking at who you're selling your oil to, and you see top on the list is China. And so you start creating some petro-yuan. You want to manage your relationship with America. So you start buying US equities, which means you own more American innovation. You get more control over the American economy, and you create this transnational power structure. That transnational power structure controls the US military industrial complex, which also has the deep state for covert operations. You can ask them to stop doing covert operations in your country because you want to do more deals, and you can ask them to invest in regional stability. And you can rent the US military industrial complex as a mercenary militia army to go get you some resources, and you can change and transnational capital controls the equation as more and more countries become subordinate to this structure, unless you've got sovereign wealth when you can defend and negotiate and remain to a certain degree sovereign.

So it means that essentially the US can only power a regional currency more and more into the future, which means that it can only power a regional block. And so it wants to dollarize locally, as we covered earlier, in regionally by destroying people's currencies in Latin America and then using subordination of assets in Europe. And then look at this whole block with Panama, Canada, Greenland, and various different ports in its local area.

In part one, we covered what that means for gold as a currency, so I won't repeat it here because this is going to be focused on geopolitics. Please go back to part one if you want to do that. And in part two, we covered the macro impacts, the Fed impacts, and the different trends on stock markets and all the different markets. If you didn't watch that, go back and watch that.

But the next US show is that it needs to show strength while it shrinks into weakness. And so that's exactly what we're expecting. So how do you do that? Well, you use your military might, you pump up the stock market through this increased spending on military, you do more and more financialization, and you negotiate the finance powers, negotiate with the military powers. The military are more aligned with strengthening the dollar or making America great again. But the financial are transnational capital, and they have a global vision as well.

So I covered last week how this works, how you have to present to the military, and how wars need to continue. So you need to manufacture another war in order to exit from one region, and then it moves over to the build back better type of phase as well. Watch my episode on geopolitics last week in order to get a real in-depth insight into that. But effectively, this is a managed handover of power regions that the global hegemon used to do its covert wars in, and now it's handing over to the powers that have aligned through this transnational capital of sovereign wealth funds and Western-dominated financial industrial complex.

All of those negotiations are happening, and they've already happened. And the fact that we're not in World War III shows that regional, all these different regional blocks and powers have decided that there was a better alternative. So my long-term thesis that I've always been covering every week for a long time is that Europe will be split, and basically, Ukraine will be split between the financial industrial complex and Russia. Energy will be continued to be targeted to do further vassalization of Ukraine.

China and the US are basically negotiating with all regional blocks, but they're the main powers. The US is not sovereign, China's sovereign because it's got its sovereign wealth fund, and the US is represented by the financial industrial complex and the other factions of power. And so the government works for private power.

And basically, the next operation is what does China and American corporate powers decide to do with Iran? And that's what I think we're getting next. And so that's built up. And I'll just give a quick recap of everything I covered in depth last week and the last couple of weeks, covert operations, more of the evidence, the declassified CIA documents from previous operations. But for now, I'm not going to go through any of that.

But my longer-term thesis of what is happening here is that Iran is going to effectively be economically vassalized into China. Now, it will maintain independence, but complete economic dependence. China has been normalizing with the other Gulf countries and other people in the region. And so therefore, Israel and Palestine is being vassalized into the Gulf Cooperation Council, the GCC, led by Saudi Arabia. And that's why you had this normalization.

I've been covering that a lot. Now, internally in America, you've got Israel. How do you vassalize a country? Well, you either do it by being on the wrong side of the narrative, like Iran is, so you can do currency wars, destroy the savings of the people, color revolutions, infiltration by MI6, Mossad, CIA, atrocity propaganda, and civil unrest. That's one way. If you're on the wrong side of the narrative, but if you're a so-called quote-unquote ally, you do the old strategy that's been done in Europe, that's been done in America, and it's being done in Israel. You load the country up with debt, you pump the stock market, and therefore you do distressed asset acquisitions with transnational capital, and you get more and more control. And then you get to privatize more and more resources, like the classic neoliberal privatization, austerity programs, everything goes into the stock market for the wealthy. And then the people just get more and more divide and conquered and civil unrest, inflationary, you know, consumer price inflation, as the economy gets used to assets. That's what's happening in Israel.

Now, on the American side, they had to go through a de-radicalization of Zionist ideology, because it was an operation, Israel was an operation to make profits for the military. And so you've got these evangelical Christians that have been radicalized into wanting war and believing that America can just destroy Iran and continue down that path of destabilization, put Israel first, and they're still radicalized into that ideology. That's the military industrial complex side. And so you've got this power faction where Israel is being exposed in terms of Zionism, and then military-aligned members are still trying to create censorship campaigns, hold on to using their power to change laws, do anti-Semitism types of things because anti-Semitism benefits Israel because it creates the population growth and it builds out the IDF. And then the IDF is the testing ground for all these illegal weapons.

They use Palestine as a laboratory to establish a surveillance state, genocide as a service, occupation as a service, and various other operations in North Africa. The old model, when the dollar ruled and America was a global hegemon, is no longer applicable. Within Iran, you have the IRGC hardliners, who are still in the narrative of taking on the establishment. There was always strategic tension through Operation Gladio between Iran, Israel, and America. America would use covert operations to make the region always be in war, but with Iran and Israel, it never escalated to that point. Whenever there was an escalation, you got like the 12-day war, where America got a strategic victory, saying it took out the nuclear program, and Iran got to say it attacked Israel and showed strength through its hypersonics and other things. Meanwhile, Israel was purging the IRGC hardliners through the infiltration of Mossad operations, which I believe is an internal power conflict within Iran. This is why we saw many massacres, just like we saw with the resistance factions in Lebanon and various other forces in Yemen and Gaza as well. The IRGC hardliners are being purged as the country is economically vassalized into China. China has diplomacy and leverage over Iran, and anyone who doesn't go with China's vision essentially gets purged in these increasing operations. In the meantime, there are factions of power that are all in coordination.

Let's do a quick recap of where we are leading into this operation, at the same time as the dollar weakening operation that we're seeing through. The dollar weakening means that America shrinks to regional, and all the regions that they used to guard are handed over to transnational capital and regional powers, depending on the individual situation of their country. This means that covert operations disappear, militias, ISIS, Al-Qaeda, and the Muslim Brotherhood, which served Western interests, are stopped funding by larger powers and integrated or eliminated. The resistance against that, the Hezbollahs, the Hamas, the Houthis, and the SDFs, the HTSs, are also affected. One by one, all of these regions get stopped funding by larger powers and integrated or eliminated. This is what we're witnessing right now.

Let's do a quick recap of what we see leading to this weekend. There may have been escalation as we speak during this live, or it may happen this weekend, or we may be waiting longer, depending. We don't know what's going to happen next. I'm only forecasting what I think the outcome is and the theatrical element of how we get there. So, leading up to this moment, we essentially had ongoing economic sanctions in Iran. The point of sanctions is to destroy the economy so that the people rise up and want to take over their leader. Sanctions are designed to put people through severe economic distress, making them choose between eating and heating, depleting infrastructure and resources, and causing civil unrest. Then, you manufacture media, and you basically have the Western organizations and NGO networks and think tanks that set policies through the National Endowment for Democracy, USAID, and they fund all these different non-governmental organizations and think tanks in order to create an opposition narrative so that people get more and more upset and you control what people think around what is actually happening.

You create a self-fulfilling prophecy because you create an environment where everyone hates their government through sanctions, it draws things into corruption through corruption, and then you have to work with mafia networks and then you end up working with the deep state, and it becomes a self-fulfilling prophecy. Once you've done enough of that, you have the CIA, MI6, and Mossad, and they do an Operation Gladio, where you leave stay-at-home militia armies in order to create chaos, and then they're funded via these national endowment of democracies under the guise of aid, creating strategic tension so that you can have these covert armies like ISIS, Al-Qaeda, and various other things, which come in, create damage, and then when you fight against that, you wrap up the propaganda as they're targeting the people. And then you get to say they're actually being funded because everyone's funding all these different militia groups.

You have all these different terrorist cells that are installed within Iran to create carnage. In the meantime, you have the diplomacy negotiations between Iran and America, which was the JCPOA, the nuclear deal that was done under multiple administrations, whether it be Obama, Biden, or Trump. You rip it up and then you deploy your European Union shields and you do snapback sanctions by the European Union, which creates more economic distress because more and more relationships, all the people, they can't open bank accounts, they can't access their assets, they get more and more asset sieges, you get weakening of the currency, you get inflation, so you destroy the wealth of the local Iranians so that they get more and more dissatisfied. Then you have military operations against that as well.

The US and its allies then come in and pick the strategic moment to attack the Iranian currency, and so what we actually had leading up to the last few weeks is we had a crash of the rial by 50 percent. Scott percent came out and said that he engineered a currency raid, which is why Scott percent is here. These are all military operations that precede currency operations in order to destroy the wealth of the average Iranian person. Then we had leading up to Christmas, you had Trump meeting up with Netanyahu at Mar-a-Lago, and then they started pushing out the narrative of bringing back the Iran attack. You know, before the narrative was Trump was boasting about taking out the nuclear program, then the narrative comes back, they're rebuilding the nuclear program. We've had this for 20 years.

And then it culminated in the merchant traders in Iran all doing demonstrations. They're all upset. That's an organic movement. Of course, they're pissed around the economic situation. Things are getting worse and worse for them. Initially, it's peaceful, but manufactured through currency wars and economic wars. And then you get the infiltration of the cells within Iran. The US, UK, Israel, intelligence, they basically co-opt the economic protests. They do some killing. The military fight back, do some killing. Everything becomes the fog of war. Media is utilized in order to say all of it was done by this side, and then the other side says all of it was done by this side, and so then the protests shift to violent riots, they destabilize Iran society more and more people get focused on survival and trying to exit, and you enter into a state of panic.

And then you have the mainstream media that is paid to deploy US and Israeli propaganda, as well as local networks like Press TV doing Iranian propaganda. Then they start funding social media influencers. You get all these Iranian women that are so young, they didn't even live in Iran before the revolution when they would know what it was like under the Shah. Because they're Western integrated, they've bought into this Islamist terrorists, and so you know they're Western integrated so they hate the IRGC, they hear the stories of the bad things, and then you get this whole thing of they think it's something to do with the religion, the whole narrative goes, and you get the influencers, they pick all these women that are aesthetically pleasing with Botox and makeup and speak in Western, you know, English, Canadian, and foreign accents and American accents.

They then push that information out through algorithms across X and social media. Then, the Western diaspora starts getting really upset. And Iran cuts off the internet. People who believe Iran is evil and the IRGC is evil say it's because they want to cut off the internet, so no one can share their message, and they can start massacring people. Elon comes along as a savior after pushing out everything in the X algorithms. He says, "We're giving everyone Starlink." So, then you get a color revolution where the people say they can connect to the internet now. And they try to engineer a regime change. All this time, regime change only happens when the revolutionaries are co-opted by the military, and a coup happens when the military sides with the revolutionaries. If the military is not going to side with the IRGC, then all you're doing is ramping up people to take on the military. And of course, they're going to get shot. If you go to a country controlled by the military and start an uprising against that, that's going to happen. People think they're helping, but they're actually creating a problem because the only time it actually happens is when it's coordinated with all world leaders.

So, Iran likely, at the same time, while this is all happening, you've got the different factions of power within Iran. The reformers, who are online with China and transnational capital, are probably doing covert operations to internally purge hardliners, and they're probably working with Mossad. The US and Israel are basically forced to cut it off because the result wasn't being achieved, because the coup didn't happen, because the military didn't change. And so they come along and say that they cut it off. And they don't do the strikes with Iran. And so you get the new narrative being formed.

What is the new narrative? Well, Saudi Arabia came out and said, with all the different Arab allies, that they were urging Trump not to do any strikes on Iran. And so now you get strength through allegiances, and you get this gradual transition to show that there's a level of coordination that's happening. Now, this was very obscure, and I don't quite understand it, but there was a narrative pushed out in the press, and this wasn't Iranian propaganda, this was Western media, that Netanyahu asked Trump not to go against Iran. So we can either buy that or not. But that doesn't fit the narrative, right? So now you've got the GCC working with Netanyahu in order to tell Trump or that narrative that's being pushed out there not to attack or strike Iran.

Now, immediately you get the new narrative. You've got the allegiances formed. Qatar came out, Amman came out, Egypt came out, and they all said that they pushed Trump towards not striking Iran. And so then immediately, of course, all this death narrative comes out. People start making up numbers when you can't possibly know. They say 3,000, 10,000, 30,000 killed, 50,000 killed, a million killed. Lindsey Graham, who works for the military industrial complex and pretends to be a politician, said that Mossad were on the ground. Scott percent admitted to doing the currency operation. And so we know that these things are confirmed even by the Western side as well. So this isn't some kind of conspiracy theory. This is Operation Ajax 2.0.

So, the IRGC comes out and says, "We've confirmed, I think they said 3,000 deaths or something." But of course, they blamed Mossad and the US and said that it was a covert operation. And then there were some that were shot in the crossfire. The Western media comes out and they say it's all IRGC killing civilians. They're taking out protesters, they're about to hang them. And now you have the optimum narrative leading into the negotiations. So what have you got? You've got basically war on, war off. And so you can keep saying it based upon Iran agreed not to kill these people. Oh, Iran has started to kill these people. And so Trump started using, "Yeah, we didn't strike because Iran said that they're not going to hang these people anymore and the killing has stopped." And so now you've got the PR narrative.

Remember how it was leading up to Venezuela? You know, we're taking on the drugs, we're not taking on the drugs, they stopped delivering the drugs, and you know, you have the PR narrative for the Magatards and Cutards. And then you got the same, "Oh, they agreed not to kill, they're killing." Um, and so this is based upon the next phase of the operations. Now, what I want to do is I want to do two more things. I want to play an overview of, I think, a brilliant analysis that's in line, slight differences, but in line with my schools of thought in terms of where this goes next and what's actually happening here. And that was by Shahid Bolsan at Middle Nation that released a video on Iran. I'm going to play an AI summary on it.

So, what is really happening in Iran right now? We're about to dive into a pretty provocative theory from analyst Shahid Bolsan, based on his analysis from January 26th, 2026. And his argument is that what we're seeing is way more complex than what you're getting in the headlines. In this explainer, we're going to break down his core idea, that we are not watching a simple protest, but a full-on inside job he calls a controlled demolition.

OK, so before we get to Bolson's theory, let's quickly cover the two stories you've probably already heard a thousand times. Because according to this analysis, they're both missing the real story. On one side, you've got the standard Western narrative, right? This is a classic color revolution, backed by the US and Israel to topple the regime. Then, on the other side, you have the anti-imperialist story. This is a legitimate government heroically fighting back against foreign interference. Both of these narratives are simple, they're familiar, and according to Bolson's, they're fundamentally wrong.

And this is where it gets really interesting. Bolson asks us to think about a third option, one that kind of flips the other two on their heads. What if the chaos we're all watching isn't being driven by outside enemies at all, but by powerful people inside the Iranian regime itself? Now let's be clear, this theory doesn't just ignore what's happening on the ground. Bolson makes it very clear that these protests started because of very real, very legitimate problems. Look at these numbers from December 2025. Food prices shot up 72%. Inflation at 42%. The economic situation was an absolute disaster. People had every reason to be angry. But he argues, this genuine anger became the perfect fuel for a much bigger internal political game.

So, that brings us to the core of this whole analysis, what he calls the Controlled Demolition Thesis. This is the central idea, the metaphor that explains what's really going on behind the scenes. Think about what a controlled demolition is. It's not a foreign attack. It's not a random explosion. It is the precise, calculated takedown of one part of a building to save the entire structure. And in this case, we're talking about the slow, orchestrated removal of the regime's most rigid ideological hardliners. Not by the CIA, but by their own colleagues.

You see, the most important thing to get here is that the Iranian regime is not a monolith. It's split. On one side, you have the pragmatists. They can see the writing on the wall. They know that to survive economically, Iran has to integrate with the new regional powers. We're talking BRICS and their neighbors in the GCC. But on the other side, you've got the hardliners, especially inside the IRGC. These are the true believers who would rather see the country burn than give up their 50-year-old mission of resistance. So you can see the massive problem this creates for the pragmatists. They can't just fire the hardliners.

The IRGC has its hands in everything, including the security forces and the economy. Trying to purge them directly would almost certainly trigger a brutal civil war, and a failed state of 90 million people would help nobody in the region. So, what do you do when you can't fix a problem from the inside? You outsource it. This is where the theory takes a really controversial turn. If the pragmatists are outsourcing this problem, who exactly are they outsourcing it to? The answer might just shock you.

Bolson points to a decades-long, symbiotic, and very secret relationship between Iran and its biggest public enemy, Israel. Before you say that's crazy, he points to documented history, such as Iran literally buying weapons from Israel back in the 80s. The rule of thumb here seems to be that the louder the public screaming, the deeper the quiet cooperation might be.

This slide lays out the playbook, a four-step strategy. First, you let the economic conditions get so bad that protests are inevitable. Step two, you let the hardliners respond with predictable, horrific brutality. Step three, that brutality gets filmed, it goes viral, and it completely discredits them, both at home and abroad. And that leads to the final step: the pragmatists step in, push their rivals aside, and frame the whole thing as if they're just listening to the people.

It's crucial to understand that this internal power play isn't happening in a vacuum. It's taking place right in the middle of a massive global power shift, where all the old rules are just getting thrown out the window. You can literally hear this shift in the streets. The chant "neither Gaza nor Lebanon, my life for Iran" is absolutely devastating for the old guard. It's a direct public rejection of the regime's entire foreign policy, the very thing they've used to justify their power for 50 years.

The people are basically screaming, "Forget the foreign adventures, focus on us." So, why now? Why is all this happening now? Because the world has fundamentally changed. The old world order that allowed Iran to play this role of the regional disruptor is collapsing. The new game is being run by powers like China, Russia, Saudi Arabia, and the UAE, and what they want is stability, economic integration, and trade. Iran's old business model of funding proxy wars is just plain bad for business in this new world.

If you need proof of this new reality, just think back to when Trump was threatening to attack Iran. Who stopped him? It wasn't activists in D.C. It was his own so-called allies in the region, Israel and the Gulf states. They were the ones who told him to stand down. That moment showed everyone that America isn't the sole global power anymore. The regional players are managing their own backyard now.

This is a really fascinating theory, but how will we actually know if it's true? The great thing about this analysis is that it gives us specific, testable predictions. Bolzin lays out some very clear signals that we should all be watching for. And he puts a clock on it: the next two years are absolutely critical. We're in the crisis phase right now, in 2026. But by 2027 or 2028, we need to see a clear pivot. If these signs don't start appearing, then the theory is probably wrong, and we should expect something much messier.

The signals to watch for are four key things: selective prosecutions of IRGC commanders for the crackdown, a flurry of new economic deals with BRICS partners, a complete and total abandonment of their old proxy networks, and major internal reforms that strip the hardliners of their power. Any one of these would be a huge deal. All four would be undeniable.

If this all succeeds, if the controlled demolition works, Balson paints a pretty incredible picture for Iran's future. He predicts that in 20 years, Iran will look less like a theocracy and more like mid-20th century France, a global hub for art, culture, and business. A truly prosperous nation.

So, that leaves us with one final, massive question: are we watching a sophisticated, maybe even brutal, but ultimately necessary political maneuver for a country to survive in a new world? Or is this just an incredibly elaborate conspiracy theory? Well, according to this analysis, we don't have to guess. The next two years will tell us everything.

Now, I'm not saying whether all of that is true, whether it's not true. That is one person's analysis. There'll be a bit that people hate, that people love, people that disagree with. But the point is that it's obviously not the narrative that we've all been fed. You know, you've got the cartoon image of evil and then you've got the cartoon image of pure resistance with no self-interest against imperials. Clearly, there's a middle narrative.

And the reality is that America, through covert operations, infiltrated every part of the Middle East and every single country uses proxies. Why are we saying that Iran's the only one that uses proxies? America and Russia invented the model. The British Empire invented the model. There are proxies used by Russia, by Qatar, by Israel, ISIS, Al Qaeda, by Saudi, by Turkey. And yet we just focus on as if it's just this one country, Iran, that does it.

And so you've got to get the nuance and sometimes it can get too complicated for people to follow. But what do we actually see this week? Let's see what things we actually saw. Is there global transnational compliance and cooperation? And is there factions of power within Iran? And were the hardliners actually always serving a Western agenda by creating strategic tension that served the needs of the military-industrial complex?

Well, what did we see this week? So immediately, over the last couple of weeks, we saw a new reality for Iraq out of the blue. So suddenly we saw that Iraq's refineries are able to refine for Iran, independent of the West and independent of Iran. And so we're being told that Chevron is able to go into Syria and Shell will be exiting, so European interest and certain American interest.

We're also seeing that Iran is allowing Iraq to integrate with the GCC rails in order to build out their oil infrastructure. That points towards Iran, based upon China negotiating with US financial interests, making concessions. What else do we see? We saw the European Union sanctioning the IRGC and classifying it as a terrorist group. We also saw Scott Percent basically confirm that they did a currency war.

So why are we getting this more transparency over covert operations and the European Union applying the pressure at this time as well? We saw that the FIC, the Financial Industrial Complex, aligning with BRICS, GCC, and Norway are all aligned through their sovereign wealth funds. And we can see that the MIC, the Military Industrial Complex, has always been aligned with the Greater Israel Project, but it seems to have made a shift.

We also saw internally within America, they've got to deal with their evangelical Christian Zionist propaganda. We saw the US TikTok plunge because there were videos released around how they're engaging in censorship. So the background is that they carved off a part of TikTok because it was effectively aligned with a China application. Many Americans were using it. They said the Americans that are going to be using it, they sold it off at about $14 billion.

It went to sovereign, Gulf sovereign wealth funds and hardliner Zionist entrepreneurs, billionaire tycoons, and wrapped up into some public companies. But it was all done through a private off-balance sheet transaction where about 75% went to those who would historically be aligned with Zionism in Israel. And then immediately, as soon as the US came out, you know, the app was launched.

There were videos showing how everything's being censored and that you can use Zionism as a word positively, but you can't use it negatively. Immediately, that created a purge of US users that fled towards an Australian app, UpSignal. I put in the comment section below if I've got that wrong. But yeah, sorry, I'm not shilling the app because any app that is centralized will be taken over by Western intelligence anyway. I mean, that's just obvious if you haven't figured out that one.

It's only decentralized that's going to be able to put up some form of resistance because you just can't control it. And immediately they came out announcing their policy that they got a board to look at hate speech and various other things. Same old thing. But there was a purge from US users using TikTok now. One could say that that was stopping us using an app that was China-controlled and it was also selling it to Zionist-aligned, Israel-aligned billionaires and then destroying the value.

Take your pick. This is just speculation from following the money. But the reality is, Americans aren't going to be using TikTok, and the value was significantly harmed after Netanyahu said he controls TikTok and various other things. So it plays into the civil unrest campaign, right? You're exposing Zionism at the same time as pushing into the narrative that Israel controls the world, so that you can get plausible deniability and the connection between the military industrial complex and Israel that's coming back, and just propping up the US stock market as well.

The Iran reform side of that is because we saw many purges, I think they're aligned with China, and China is aligned with the Gulf sovereign wealth and financial industrial complex. So by vassalizing Iran to economic dependence upon China, China sets the rules, and China said it's normalized with Gulf countries. Gulf countries are acquiring FIC, and that's creating transnational capital flow. The UAE is being used basically to acquire Israeli assets. So Israel and through the Abraham Accords, UAE, they look like the bad cop. Everyone calls them traitors. Everyone calls them bootlickers. Everyone calls them controlled by Zionists in Israel. Meanwhile, they're able to do economic trade. And as more and more of the assets go through the distress asset stripping exercise in Israel, the UAE is able to acquire more and more of them.

Saudi maintains its good cop, saying, "I won't normalize until Palestine is free." And then we started to see more and more of Israeli assets acquired in the AI side. So Israel has very strong technology because it's essentially a division of the military industrial complex, where it gets to test all these illegal technologies. But Apple came along and acquired two major Israeli AI startups. So American corporations are buying more and more of those startups, and American stocks are being sold more and more to sovereign wealth funds. And so you can follow the money and you can start to see these economic operations to vassalize Israel into the GCC via these different mechanisms and vassalize Iran into China.

And then the major powers, US corporate power and China, are negotiating leading up to their meeting in April. What else did we see? We saw Egypt create a $25 billion gas or oil deal. I need to look into the details again. That creates an economic dependency. If they pull that revenue, that significantly hinders the Israeli economy. Now, what else do we see? Affinity Capital, which is the Gulf Sovereign Wealth Fund, run by Jared Kushner for the Trump family legacy, is effectively where all of these deals that are going to be managed by the border peace, as we covered last week in the World Economic Forum meeting. They're acquiring more and more of Palestinian illegal settlements based upon using Israeli terrorists and settlements that are funded by the US by the Israeli government. That pushes more and more debt, which is like a militia, and then it goes through Affinity Capital, you know, Affinity Partners. All of that money was funded by Gulf sovereign wealth funds. They get to bribe Trump, and Trump ushers in the border peace through corruption and aligns with his faction of power, the financial industrial complex, BlackRock, and various other forces. Trump gets to profit by ushering in this change, and basically, the GCC ends up controlling more and more of Israel, and Palestine integrates it into this thing.

This is not me saying what I want to happen; I think the whole thing's sick. But you can see that this is a decolonization strategy based upon the fact that we're now in a multipolar world, and now a rising power, China, and gold is being used to weaken the dollar. It's changing global macro allegiances in this multipolar world. And what is the perfect way to usher in the change? Well, it's the border peace. And I covered that last week on the World Economic Forum. Go back to that if you want to go deep into that.

So what is this war that we're witnessing right now? I think if you put all this together, and we'll keep reviewing as it happens, it is a purge, an internal purge by IRGC into taking out hardliners. The US is going to end up, there may be a few operations, I don't know how many operations it's going to be, but I think it's going to end similar to the 12-day war. What happened during the 12-day war is a quick recap, and then we'll be finishing off. The U.S. got to say that it eliminated the Iran nuclear program. Maybe that's what escalates the next stage. You get strikes directly from America. The warships are over there. Maybe they've already started as we're speaking. Maybe they happened this weekend. Maybe it takes a little bit longer. Last time, Israel started the strikes. I'd suspect this time the U.S. will start the strikes directly. He's built his narrative to the West. They're killing people. They've created all their... We're saving the Iranian people so they can go on and off.

What is going to happen at the end of that? Well, Iran is going to utilize and use up all of its weapons. And it's going to target probably locations within Israel, just like the 12-day war. Last time it took out Mossad assets. It took out various other ports and various other assets. But the debt to GDP went up. The insurance premiums went up. The ports were significantly hindered, and it burdened Israel with more and more debt. And so you're using the distressed debt strategy that will lead to more and more types of acquisitions as well. You lose your productive population, and basically, only the military, Mossad technology that Apple is buying in the deep state side goes through. You get to acquire more and more of the AI stuff, and that would be done in partnership with the Gulf, as usual, in the US. You basically continue to make Zionism a toxic asset. You then push Israel, showing the Israeli power factions, so that people get the civil unrest campaign. You kill two birds with one stone. You push out the surveillance state by weaponizing the different narratives. The GCC essentially said already that they're not going to allow any of their land to be used to target Iran, and so it looks like there's more resistance there. We'll see what actually comes from there. Two warships are already in the Middle East right now. You probably need a third one if this was going to be an actual, like, genuine Iraqi war that leads to a ground invasion. This is not a forever war setup. This is a managed transition with optics in order to achieve that.

The IRGC are saying that they'll fight back hard. That creates what's needed in order for the internal operations and the internal purge to continue. Death, atrocity, propaganda creates the perfect soft landing. So you can say that they stopped, or you can say we took out this person to stop them. That's the moral narrative that's needed in the West. Meanwhile, the IRGC hardliners get taken out. China engages in the economic diplomacy. And the factions of power in America are negotiating with the regional powers. America looks strong as they weaken really to a regional power. And this is how you change a multi-decade operation, I think. So I think we're probably, I don't know, we'll probably see something happen this weekend. It seems to be pushing towards this crescendo. But all I'll say, I don't know all the details. Follow me on X, and I'll give live commentary as everything happens. I'll reinterpret it. I'll follow the markets, and we'll be back next week.

But right now, the end result will be confirmation that we can move in towards this multipolar world order. And it is irreversible at this stage. We interestingly had a document announcement, and this is the final part that we'll be covering, from the US that puts in writing pretty much everything I've been preparing you for. So there was a document that came out. So that's what I think happens next in Iran. Now, as we're having this currency weakening, as gold is becoming the world reserve asset, as these different operations are happening, we had a document released from the military industrial complex mouthpiece, which is the Pentagon, that there is a new national defense strategy. And what did the new national defense strategy say? It downgraded China as the top threat. And make sure I get the right wording right, because they were very focused. It refocuses from China on the US homeland and Western Hemisphere.

Is that not what I told you exactly would happen? There'll be nothing happening with Taiwan, because China's already negotiated that pot. Russia and BlackRock get Ukraine. Civil unrest campaigns in the Western Hemisphere, both in America, in Latin America, and Europe. That's exactly what they're saying here. So they're focusing on the homeland and the Western Hemisphere. Basically, they're saying we need to, as national security, focus on our own country. That's called becoming a regional power. It also blames earlier governments for neglecting US strategic interests in places like Panama and Greenland. So it created the Biden narrative.

We had an announcement that the Panama judicial favored BlackRock over China and the Hong Kong shell companies that were controlling the ports in Panama. This was obviously part of the negotiation. Panama had been infiltrated by the IMF and covert operations by the CIA previously, and then we saw a natural ratcheting up of tensions in Greenland. This is drawing the border in the Western Hemisphere, in Panama and Greenland, and they're creating the narrative for what comes next. They blame Biden for what they're about to do to Europe to get to the next phase.

The document also said that in relative terms, Europe is deprioritized. Although Europe remains important, it has a smaller and decreasing share of global economic power. This is basically saying they're going to turn it into a vassal state for the financial industrial complex, and they'll leave that over to Russia. This is exactly what I said, it helps the US stock market, and the central banks will be used, and it will escalate destabilization and blame shifted over as if it's Russia and Europe.

It also said China is still a concern. So I think they still want to sell defense weapons in Japan, Taiwan, Philippines, and various other things, but no longer the main one. And so expect less action on the Chinese side, less narrative around Taiwan. There were different naval drills and various other drills between Russia, Iran, and China, and leading into this, most people think that's war, but really this is negotiations.

I believe the strategy also said that the U.S. must prioritize defending the U.S. homeland and deferring China. So defer China till later, maintain the narrative, but focus on civil unrest within America. AI, surveillance state, technical industrial complex that they've already beta-tested. Russia, Iran, and North Korea are mentioned, but they're not central. That sounds like a document saying that we are in a multipolar world. America is no longer the global hegemon, and America is a regional power, and it needs to focus on regional.

That is the end of the dollar, which was propped up by covert war, death, destruction, massacres, replacing democracies with dictators, extraction of resources, IMF, currency wars, destroying savings, genocides, ethnic cleansing, everything that propped up the dollar for the Proof of Weapons Network in order to extract resources globally. That sounds like a regional currency to me.

They said that Iran, North Korea, and Russia are not as prominent as threats in this document. That's what the document outlined, so the world has changed. We got you ready for this; we were covering it all the way through. We were following the money all the way through, and what I've noticed is it tends to get you two years ahead of all the media BS. It keeps you out of all the games, and once you know it, you can just start preparing.

As I've always said, when a storm is coming, you don't want to be lied to and ill-prepared. You want to be fixing your roof, getting the equipment you need, getting your raincoat, getting your umbrellas, putting on the boxing up your windows, whatever. And that's why I want you prepared. And that's why I want more people saying this and understanding this. And please do share the content.

So I hope you've watched in real time. If you're new to the show, then hopefully you can judge me and come back. And what tends to happen is people get very upset in the comments, call me an idiot, say that I don't know what I'm talking about. And then they come back a few years later, because I publish my predictions, unlike everyone else, that's just sharing propaganda, saying things that are in line with media narratives. I actually put predictions out there, I put my money on the line, and I share things well, rather than just giving commentary on that.

And you get to judge me on that, whether these things actually happen. My interpretation of the document and everything that's happening is that all powers have basically aligned around not having World War III. And they knew it was mutual destruction. And so transnational capital is putting together, based upon power dynamics, a multipolar world, and the US doesn't have a choice.

The real marker of the change that will look back in history, I think, is that Palestine being liberated, although it won't be what we want, I think it will be GCC controlled. They'll all get jobs to build. It will be a technical, industrial complex surveillance state. But there was always a thing that they said in the different protests. In their millions and in their billions, we are all Palestinians.

Now, while I think what the real learning from that is that what is built in Palestine is what they're going to build everywhere. That's what the technical industrial complex wants. And the only way to free yourself is to become sovereign, have a sovereign business, and potentially help your country become sovereign as well, because the sovereign wealth funds are able to negotiate and everyone else is being vassalized.

And you need to decide where you're going to live, what you're going to do with yourself, how you're going to look after yourself, what you're going to do with your family, what you're going to do with your loved ones. But we are already, this is not speculation, we are already in the post-World War II Bretton Woods order, and it's gold that's told us that. The dollar will continue to gradually be weakened.

If something changes in there over a long-term trend, then we can start analyzing. But as long as that happens, America, there's only one outcome for that. America becomes a regional power because you can't have a weakening currency and a world reserve currency. That's not possible. Triffin's dilemma tells us, let's go back to the macro section as well. You have to export debt, which increases the value of your currency as well. So you're being lied to. You've got to see through it because they can't tell you. But they're gradually starting to tell you.

And the media will spin the narrative in line with what we prepared for you as well. And you're seeing more and more talk about dollar weakening. You're seeing more and more about multipolar world. All topics. If you go back on my blog, we document everything. Go back to my YouTube channel, and you can see preparations for all of these things.

More foreign countries will be selling US treasuries. More of them will be buying gold. And whatever correction we get, this trend, we'll keep following it. We'll follow the money. But all the dollar and stock market and bond market indicators were covered in part two, and we'll keep covering those as well.

Gold is officially today the largest world reserve asset. It is no longer treasuries. It is no longer the dollar. It is still the best currency relative to other currencies in terms of transaction volume. But the multipolar world order is building out all the alternative rails to de-weaponize SWIFT and various other things. The only countries that have leverage which are the ones that have sovereign wealth funds. They're vassalized to a degree into the financial industrial complex.

And gold is basically becoming a unit of account if the dollar continues to weaken and the value of gold continues to go up. That is the big next change. People will start thinking of things in terms of gold. And eventually, the operation that we're witnessing to centralize as many Bitcoin as possible, as long as in your country you can hold bitcoin in self-custody, bitcoin will solve the self-custody problem and everything you saw with the paper gold and paper silver will happen to bitcoin as well.

So you get to buy into weakness as well as hedging into these high prices, but make sure you got your strategy right for the next 10 years because you need sovereign self-custody wealth at the same time as recognizing these major, major changes, and we'll go through them all together.

So always remember, you are alive at one of the most interesting, crazy, bad, and exciting times in financial history. Some are going to get wrecked, while others will do really well. I think we're going to see 200 years of change in the next five years. I'll keep providing the content because I want you to do well, and please do leave a comment. Let me know what you think, what you disagree with, and what you agree with. Follow me on X, where I give live commentary. If any war breaks out, I'll be up there on spaces. Subscribe to this channel; we now have over 133,000 subscribers, beating our goal of 121,000.

The algorithm seems to be removing away from shadow banning and censorship as we build our social credit scores. We also have different YouTube channels. One YouTube channel had 3 million subscribers and did a whole video on my Proof of Weapons Network concept, which got 2.2 million views just from describing that content. This is what happens when the algorithms are changing and adjusting slightly. On Peter McCormack's channel, we got the fifth most popular video of all time, an eight-year YouTube channel. We did better than Tommy Robinson, little Tommy. He's trying to get some money from Dubai now and the Muslims because Israel's probably turning into a distressed asset, and he's shilling some scams to get the money together. Now, Israel may not find them useful in this thing. We beat some of the centralization Bitcoin operations, like Michael Saylor and all his multiple interviews. And so it's great to see.

Look, I remain here to just give content. And if people are liking it, and it seems like more and more people are liking it, please do help me. We did lots of debates. I did a debate on my channel with Professor Jiang. You requested me to do one with Jeff Booth, and we went through black pilling versus white pilling and orange pilling, as well as various other things. We'll start releasing that soon. And I'll keep doing that. We seem to be on a roll, and it's all because I'll keep giving the content, and you keep sharing. In case YouTube takes me out and changes the algorithm, I'm sure it will do at one time. I'll keep streaming on X, and I'll keep reposting this onto Rumble, so make sure you follow me on Rumble in case I get wiped out. We're also building on simondixon.com, a back-end infrastructure, so that we can, in case we get taken off all networks, subscribe to you know, join me, get a Bitcoin hard talk membership portal. We'll be rebranding that at some point. We're trying to do all this together; we've got a team of people, so go over to simondixon.com. We have no ads, no sponsorship. We're not selling anything; no products. We're just giving you what we're following the money, and you can figure out what you want to do with that as well. So no agendas there. We don't have to answer.

I've spent my whole life being as sovereign as possible, making businesses sovereign as possible, and living in a country as sovereign as possible. There's no such thing as perfection. Just commit to doing better and enjoy any type of price crashes and corrections. You get to buy into weakness. Have a longer-term plan. Don't trade. If you want to boycott the Federal Reserve, buy some Bitcoin. You can buy some gold as well. If you want to boycott the BlackRock and the financial industrial complex, don't own it through ETFs. Own it in self-custody. If you want to boycott the banks, don't borrow against your assets. Don't mine fiat currency. If you want to boycott the technical industrial complex and the proof of weapons network and stocks in general, invest locally. If you want to boycott companies, vote with your money rather than voting. It doesn't make a difference unless you're buying politicians. It's a pay-to-play system. So vote with your money by spending locally and supporting yourself, your family, your community, get sovereign, and help as many other people to become sovereign as well.

Hopefully, then we can do this with a bit of peace, love, and unity, because my fear is that most people are not prepared for this. They're doing it in a chaotic fashion, and we need some sovereign people who are going to be essentially the next elites. And we hit the cycle again. Like that's just the reality of life. Life is a test. Do you do more good or do more bad? I think that's the ultimate test. So serve humanity. Don't fall for these divide and conquer tactics. Fight oppression as much as you can. And I'll see you this time next week for another episode of Simon Dixon Hard Talk. Peace.
